and responsibilities
soporte en cierre de proyectos de delivery para ssa
optimizacion de tareas de business operation
automatización de tareas operativas del team de pma
análisis de negocios aplicando herramienta de ibm de analítica

required technical and professional expertise
estudiante de 8vo ciclo de la carrera de ingeniería de sistemas, informática y/o afines.
interés en área de análsis de datos, analítica, bases de datos.
conocimiento en herramientas de excel y macros avanzada
conocimiento en herramientas de programación

preferred technical and professional expertise
ingles intermedio

about business unit
ibm has a global presence, operating in more than 175 countries with a broad-based geographic distribution of revenue. the company’s global markets organization is a strategic sales business unit that manages ibm’s global footprint, working closely with dedicated country-based operating units to serve clients locally. these country teams have client relationship managers who lead integrated teams of consultants, solution specialists and delivery professionals to enable clients’ growth and innovation. by complementing local expertise with global experience and digital capabilities, ibm builds deep and broad-based client relationships. this local management focus fosters speed in supporting clients, addressing new markets and making investments in emerging opportunities. additionally, the global markets organization serves clients with expertise in their industry as well as through the products and services that ibm and partners supply. ibm is also expanding its reach to new and existing clients through digital marketplaces.

your life  precipitevolissimevolmente
we are now looking for a data analyst - student (industrial engineer, electrical engineer or similar) to perform specifically identified administrative activities in the local legal entity. the administrative activities are performed as a service for other functional area owners, to support different processes. this service is provided when the functional area owner has no or insufficient local representation. all is done to gain optimal cross-functional efficiency.

what you will do
writing and reporting, working with people, delivering results and meeting customer expectations, planning and organizing, crafting and innovating
learn and develop data science to support processes in projects.
data base administration and development.
presentations and data visualization.
you will bring
education: basic school, undergraduate degree or recently degree in commercial engineer, electronic engineering, industrial engineering or similar (interest on data science /analyst / business analytics)
knowledge in the followings technologies is a plus: sql, power bi, python, advanced excel, aws, cloud technologies.
proven skills in a service oriented environment
proactive, curious.
intermediate/advanced english level.
why join ericsson?
at ericsson, you´ll have an outstanding opportunity. the chance to use your skills and imagination to push the boundaries of what´s possible. to build never seen before solutions to some of the world’s toughest problems. you´ll be challenged, but you won’t be alone. you´ll be joining a team of diverse innovators, all driven to go beyond the status quo to craft what comes next.

what happens once you apply?
click here to find all you need to know about what our typical hiring process looks like. precipitevolissimevolmente
in key projects for leading organizations in data mining & knowledge discovery, predictive modeling, trend modeling, simulation models (monte carlo), review of credit rating and scoring models and quant support to the business and r&d projects.

requirements

final year students from disciplines relating to mathematics, physics, statistics, econometrics or other quantitative fields.
postgraduate studies and/or specialised courses are an asset, especially in data science, quantitative finance or similar.
should desirably have knowledge of modeling techniques (logit, glm, time series, decision trees, random forests, clustering), statistical programming languages (sas, r, python, matlab) and big data tools and platforms (hadoop, hive, etc.).
solid academic record.
strong computer skills.
knowledge of other languages is desirable.
get-up-and-go attitude, maturity, responsibility and strong work ethic.
strong ability to learn quickly.
able to integrate easily into multidisciplinary teams.

we offer

the best environment to develop talent


 precipitevolissimevolmente
as a data engineer you will...
partner with our clients, from data owners and users to c-level executives, to understand their needs and build impactful analytics solutions
design and build data pipelines to support data science projects following software engineering best practices
use state of the art technologies to acquire, ingest and transform big datasets
map data fields to hypothesis, curate, wrangle and prepare data to be used in advanced analytics models
create and manage data environments in the cloud or on premise
ensure information security standards are maintained at all time
contribute to cross-functional problem-solving sessions with your team and deliver presentations to colleagues and clients
be flexible to travel to our clients' offices to deliver presentations, gather information or share knowledge
have the opportunity to contribute to r&d and internal asset development projects
our tech stack
while we advocate for using the right tech for the right task, we often leverage the following technologies: python, pyspark, sql, airflow, databricks, our own oss called kedro, container technologies such as docker and kubernetes, cloud solutions such as aws, gcp or azure, and more!
 precipitevolissimevolmente
as a data scientist at quantumblack you can expect...
your responsibility
you will partner with our clients, from data owners and users to c-level executives, to understand their needs and build impactful analytics solutions
you will be flexible to travel to our clients’ offices to deliver presentations, gather information or share knowledge
you will contribute to cross-functional problem-solving sessions with your team and deliver presentations to colleagues and client
you will translate business problems into analytical problems and develop models aimed at solving our clients and users problems and ensure they are evaluated with the relevant metrics
you will write highly optimized code to advance our internal data science toolbox
you will add real-world impact to your academic expertise, as you are encouraged to write papers and present at meetings and conferences should you wish
you will take part in r&d projects (video: r&d at quantumblack); attend conferences such as nips and icml as well as data science retrospectives where you will have the opportunity to share and learn from your co-workers
work in one of the most advanced data science teams globally
 precipitevolissimevolmente
you will work in multi-disciplinary environments harnessing data to provide real-world impact for organisations globally. you will influence many of the recommendations our clients need to positively change their businesses and enhance performance.
role responsibilities
work with our clients to model their data landscape, obtain data extracts and define secure data exchange approaches
acquire, ingest, and process data from multiple sources and systems into big data platforms
understanding, assessing and mapping the data landscape.
maintaining our information security standards on the engagement.
collaborate with our data scientists to map data fields to hypotheses and curate, wrangle, and prepare data for use in their advanced analytical models.
defining the technology stack to be provisioned by our infrastructure team.
building modular pipeline to construct features and modelling tables.
use new and creative techniques to deliver impact for our clients as well as internal r&d projects.
what you’ll learn
how successful projections on real world problems across a variety of industries are completed through referencing past deliveries of end to end pipelines.
build products alongside the core engineering team and evolve the engineering process to scale with data, handling complex problems and advanced client situations.
be focused on the wrangling, clean-up and transformation of data by working alongside the data science team which focuses on modelling the data.
using new technologies and problem-solving skills in a multicultural and creative environment.
you will work on the frameworks and libraries that our teams of data scientists and data engineers use to progress from data to impact. you will guide global companies through data science solutions to transform their businesses and enhance performance across industries including healthcare, automotive, energy and elite sport.
real-world impact – no project is ever the same; we work across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally.
fusing tech & leadership – we work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first class learning programmes at all levels.
multidisciplinary teamwork - our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, ux and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance.
innovative work culture – creativity, insight and passion come from being balanced. we cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks and training sessions.
striving for diversity – with colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognize the  precipitevolissimevolmente
you will bring together the best of mckinsey’s digital capabilities to help our clients transform their businesses through data.
in this role you will also be responsible for designing big data platforms and be a go-to expert for designing and building big data platforms at scale. end state solutions will cover data analysis, data mining, data governance, bi, data warehouse, cloud and implementation optimization. you will provide strategic direction, design and drive architecture and implementation planning.
you will be well versed in performance tuning and ensure proper data quality controls are in place at all levels. as a thought leader and big data evangelist, you will participate in external and internal community gatherings and speak at conferences. you’ll also work with colleagues from across mckinsey & company to help our clients deliver breakthrough products, experiences, and businesses, both on technology and non-technology topics
qualifications
bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics and statistics or equivalent subject; master's degree preferred
5+ years of working experience, both in hands on and client facing roles
meaningful experience in multiple database technologies such as, traditional rdbms (ms sql server, oracle, mysql, postgresql) distributed processing (spark, hadoop, emr), mpp (aws redshift, presto, athena, teradata), nosql (mongodb, dynamodb, cassandra), graph (neo4j, titan)
knowledge on enterprise data management systems such as informatica, ibm infosphere
experience with data modeling, design patterns, building highly scalable and secure solutions
cloud computing experience on platforms like aws, azure, gcp
data governance, data lineage, data quality and master data management expertise
knowledge on message queueing, streaming and data flow products like spark streaming, kafka, kinesis, rabbitmq, storm, nifi, flink is nice to have
deep understanding of information security principles to ensure compliant handling and management of client data
experience with big data migrations or it transformations, with architecting or operating solutions build on ms azure, ibm cloud, salesforce, etc.
experience in data warehouse or database architectures in heterogeneous working environments (corporate, startup-like) in design and implementation with big data solutions and distributed applications
strong command of english language (both verbal and written)
ability to travel precipitevolissimevolmente
a highly motivated and passionate cloud solution architect with hands-on implementation experience in data and analytics space, covering one or more of the following:
cloud data analytics
data modernization
data warehousing
business intelligence
data governance
artificial intelligence
practical knowledge of the technologies and products in your area of expertise, hands-on experience with solution delivery is a must, with proven execution aliged to technical and business stakeholders. being able to associate business outcomes to data + ai projects is a key expectation of the role.
responsibilities
understanding customer technical environment
identifies and evaluates industry trends (customer industry verticals, information technology [it] industry), gathers customer/partner insights (e.g., feedback around technical preferences, environments, business needs, competitive landscape), and maps architecture and digital transformation solutions to customer business outcomes. adapts business models, plans, and solutions to insights.
acts as the voice of the customer (voc) by driving new feedback, gaps, blockers, insights, resources, etc. across territories to track, add, and prioritize, using established channels (e.g., uat/tft). represents the customer to internal teams (e.g., engineering) to shape products and services by providing insights across the territory.

architecture design and deployment
leverages and champions an existing architecture approach to achieve microsoft's agreed commitments to the customer/partner. proposes and develops new solutions to scale across multiple customers/partners while demonstrating the business case and presenting alternative scenarios.
uncovers, aggregates, and synthesizes data about customer/partner business, complex technical requirements and issues (e.g., involving great length or tenacity to resolve), and various technical strategies being proposed. addresses them with win-win technical architecture(s) and demonstrates and proves the capability and business value of those solutions through design collaboration sessions with the customer/partner.
applies broad technical, industry, and enterprise knowledge to architecture projects to meet business and information technology (it) requirements and resolve identified constraints. shaping and enhancing customers' requirements.
leads customer/partner projects that implement technical architecture(s) to enable a breadth of highly advanced and complex solutions. provides thought leadership for technical architecture design, development, and deployment and supports/drives the customer/partner throughout pre-sales and/or implementation.
anticipates, identifies, and removes technical blockers (e.g., changing configurations, sample coding) through regular technical reviews and check ins to accelerate architecture implementations. anticipates and routes non-technical issues for removal by the appropriate party.
adapts methodology and applies governance to identify, communicate, and minimize business and technical risks (e.g. well-architected framework, enterprise scale landing zone, cloud adoption framework, dataml ops). defines customer/partner conditions of success, adheres to quality assurance, and calculates risks while designing and/or delivering solutions.

practice development
connects gaps and patterns across business and technology areas, and drives changes and improvements to existing intellectual property (ip), technologies, and/or processes that enable solutions to scale across customers. drives sales and consumption, as well as ip re-use and best practice sharing. develops and contributes to the company stock of structured frameworks and methodologies.

trusted advisor
develops and expands existing impactful relationships with customer and partner/mcs architects, c-level technical decision makers (tdms), and business stakeholders (to the extent that the customer/partner will call for consultation without being prompted). provides direction to tdms and builds the bridge between tdms and business decision makers (bdms). influences partners in technical and architectural areas.
creates and sustains constructive tension and trust with customers/partners by respectfully challenging their decisions and/or areas where they might do more and encouraging them to consider alternative architectures and approaches.
leads the adoption of microsoft architecture technologies based on analysis/differentiation of microsoft and competitor products to influence the industry-wide direction for specific architecture(s).

thought leadership
leads virtual teams around technologies and customer/partner challenges by sharing ideas, insight, and strategic, technical input with technical teams, internal communities across the field, and the larger virtual team across microsoft using knowledge of microsoft architectures and their context in the competitive landscape. acts as a mentor to multiple peers and leads initiatives to improve processes and drive efficiency.
participates in external architect community events (e.g., conferences, seminars, technical meetups, webcasts, blogs, hackathons) and shares learnings with internal team. acts a mentor to junior colleagues by educating them on technical and non-technical concepts and sharing best practices. demonstrates deep industry knowledge and drives recognition for microsoft solutions through presentations and engagements with external audiences.

customer usage
leads architecture design, resiliency reviews, and technical optimization across multiple applications for the customer, resulting in production deployment application and increased customer business value associated with data workloads and the modern applications that take advantage of it. leads initiatives to ensure that the customer's environment and applications are well-architected.

other
embody our culture and values
qualifications
required/minimum qualifications
bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, or related field and 5+ years experience in technology solutions, practice development, architecture, consulting, and/or cloud/data technologies

additional or preferred qualifications
bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, or related field and 8+ years experience in technology solutions, practice development, architecture, consulting, and/or cloud/infrastructure technologies
or master's degree in data, analytics, ai or computer science, information technology, engineering, or related field and 8+ years experience in technology solutions, practice development, architecture, consulting, and/or cloud/infrastructure technologies
or equivalent experience.
6+ years technical sales experience.
6+ years project management experience.
technical certification in cloud (e.g., azure).
4+ years of working experience selling, consulting or building data + ai solutions for financial services customers

microsoft is an  precipitevolissimevolmente
you to help create our future. for our employees as well as for our clients we pursue one goal: growth from knowledge!
job description
funciones:
gestionar, brindar servicio mediante propuesta de valor a las cuentas asignadas.
desarrollo y reportes periódicos de las soluciones brindadas
realizar seguimiento y brindar servicio a las cuentas asignadas
gestionar con las cuentas el relevamiento de la información.
competencias:
comunicación y capacidad de interrelacionarse a todo nivel.
organización y planificación.
capacidad de alto nivel de servicio en base análisis.
trabajo en equipo.
requisitos:
profesional de las carreras de ingeniería industrial, administración, sistemas, economía o afines
manejo excel nivel avanzado.
inglés intermedio, avanzado.
experiencia en atención en roles de account manager o service manager.
we are an ethical and honest company that is wholly committed to its clients and employees.  precipitevolissimevolmente
be responsible for the full hardware lifecycle: ordering, delivery and installation, migration into production, maintenance and eventual decommissioning
diagnose and repair system errors, infrastructure issues and network connectivity problems
work to standardize processes, configurations, and procedures in cooperation with engineers in our other data centers
use your python development skills to actively contribute to canonical's maas data center automation tooling
minimize downtime with effective planning and notify relevant stakeholders of scheduled maintenance periods
improve and extend hardware and network monitoring
regularly update asset management tool to ensure accuracy and completeness
update of equipment firmware when appropriate/needed
who you are
bachelor's degree, preferably in computer science or software engineering
python programming experience
at least 1 year of linux administration experience
mix of rack and virtual systems experience
able to communicate clearly and effectively in english
strong time management skills
ability to manage competing priorities
ability to work with a globally distributed team of passionate engineers
ability to lift up to 50lbs
experience working for an internet service provider or large hosting provider is a bonus
ccna preferred
canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination.  precipitevolissimevolmente
for this management level include but are not limited to:
conduct self in a professional manner and take responsibility for work and commitments.
flex approach to meet the changing needs of teams and clients.
identify and make suggestions for efficiencies and improvements when performing work.
take action to stay current with new and evolving technology.
use tools, techniques and firm standard methodologies to support research, analysis and problem solving.
handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
communicate with empathy and adapt communication style to meet the needs of the situation and audience.
manage expectations of stakeholders effectively.
emb precipitevolissimevolmente
you will be responsible for identifying issues, forming hypotheses, designing and conducting analysis, synthesizing conclusions into recommendations and helping to implement change with our clients.
in this role, you will help metallurgical and mining leaders hone strategy, transform operational performance and organizational effectiveness and deliver step-change improvements right across the value chain—from resource efficiency to capital productivity to marketing.
you will maintain up-to-date knowledge of industry trends and competitor offerings, and you’ll have the chance to continuously learn about technological development in the industry. you will participate in new product developments of innovative approaches to metallurgical data analytics. you will also have the opportunity to maintain and continually refresh the set of benchmarking data and to direct our analysts to generate reports based on these benchmarks and site observations. you will identify the main improvement opportunities and actions and to deliver recommendations to senior clients and front line managers. you will observe and understand the technical differences of the client plant with the best practice facility and leverage that information to conduct factor analysis explaining the performance gaps. you will benchmark the key performance indicators and identify the gaps in operating performance with best practices. you will conduct on-site assessments of clients’ operating performance based on a standardized set of criteria. you will assist clients in plant operations, data collection and verification, and perform quantitative analysis of client data and incorporate qualitative observations.
you will deliver metals business and operations content knowledge (with a focus on metals production and processing operations), working either directly with clients and client project teams. lastly, you'll work with the team and clients to improve basic materials making or mining end-to-end production cost savings and optimize the plant procurement process.
qualifications
bachelor's or master's degree in engineering
10+ years of experience in at least one of the following areas: basic materials operations (steel, aluminum, copper, or other base metals such as nickel, zinc, chrome, or lithium) or applied research with field experience in metallurgical production
field-based experience working on projects in the metals industry
knowledge of continuous improvement programs like lean/six sigma is a plus
in-depth understanding of the development trends in the industry is an advantage
exposure to advanced analytics and/or data science projects applied to operations is a plus
exceptional problem-solving skills
strong personal drive and motivation
proven ability to lead teams, motivate others, gain the respect of clients and colleagues and work collaboratively but also autonomously with little direction
fluent in written and spoken english and spanish
willingness to travel frequently (at least 80%) precipitevolissimevolmente
data scientist engineers for home-based modality to join our development team and participate in different projects made up of multicultural teams distributed throughout the world. we are looking for proactive people, team players passionate about programming in this language and oriented to provide the best experience to the end user. this is an excellent opportunity for those professionals looking to develop in one of the fastest growing companies in the industry!
these developers will face numerous technical challenges, so they must use current technologies, get involved in the mobile world, web applications, devices, etc.
main activities:
work together with developers, tech leads and solution architects to build applications.
improve existing structures by adding new functionalities or proposing technological updates so that as a result, the impact of your contribution is significant in the core of each business.
the result of your work will also allow you to improve the user experience on scalable and high availability platforms, contributing to the key differential of each business.
what are we looking for:
6+ years of experience working as a developer.
5+ years of experience in data scientist.
proficient with analysis, troubleshooting, and problem solving.
hands-on experience with managing data loads and data quality a plus.
advanced english level.
bairesdev offers:
100% remote work.
-  precipitevolissimevolmente
and responsibilities
generate insights through research with users, staff, and stakeholders to shape a holistic view of the total user experience.
analyze, consolidate, and communicate research results to stakeholders to frame, validate, and quantify the problem being solved and help inform the broader strategic roadmap of initiatives.
design navigation flows through an experience; demonstrate understanding of content, functions, and relationships within the system.
define key ux and organizational measures used to track and demonstrate that the initiative delivers positive results for both users and the business.
design concept journeys, blueprints, and roadmaps that communicate how the total user experience can be elevated beyond the immediate product or service.
shape how behind-the-scenes processes and support functions interact with each other and how these impact the design process.
incorporate design practices within organizations to create a sustainable approach to serving user needs.


required technical and professional expertise
3+ years of experience in a related role
knowledge in agile methodologies
knowledge in design thinking
knowledge of ux research


preferred technical and professional expertise
front end management



about business unit
ibm services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. ibm services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

your life  precipitevolissimevolmente
collaborate proactively with a distributed team
write high quality, idiomatic python code to create new features
debug issues and interact with upstream communities, in the open
work with helpful and talented engineers including experts in many fields
discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events
who you are
you love technology and working with brilliant people
you have a bachelor's or equivalent in computer science, stem or similar degree
you are experienced with linux systems administration, package management, and operations
you have hands-on experience with at least one public cloud and experience with private cloud solutions like openstack
you are experienced with kubernetes and believe it can be used for serious persistent data services
you are an accomplished python programmer that enjoys challenging projects in mission-critical environments
you have experience operating and managing data platform technologies like postgresql, cassandra, influxdb, sqlite, spark, elasticsearch
you are familiar with devops concepts and technologies
experience using data platform tools is desirable, but not over hands-on experience installing, configuring and operating such technology.
canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination.  precipitevolissimevolmente
experienced software engineers who understand performance at scale, networking, storage and usability.
applicants should be passionate about the future of ubuntu and be able to show technical leadership with a globally distributed team of engineers who share that passion. this position requires international travel several times a year.
what you'll do
develop maas core components and features to make maas the #1 bare metal cloud system.
shape the architecture of maas to make it simpler, faster and easier to use.
collaborate with other teams to ensure maas works well with other tools and is released on time.
contribute your improvements to our continuous integration environment, tests and practices, to maintain fast feedback and good test coverage.
contribute to documentation of current and existing features, making it world-class resource for data centre operators and users.
provide technical communication and collaboration with other teams where appropriate.
take personal ownership of problems and drive them to solutions.
travel internationally a few times a year to meet and collaborate with your and other teams.
who you are
at least 5 years of proven professional software development experience in python, go or similar.
capacity to learn quickly about new systems and techniques
excellent logic, problem solving, and troubleshooting skills
strong english language communication skills - both written and verbal
experience with linux server technologies, including but not limited to virtualization (kvm), containers (lxc), etc.
you have a bachelor's or equivalent in computer science, stem or similar degree
knowledge of network technologies, including pxe, dhcp, tftp, dns, ntp
some experience with baseboard management controllers and protocols (redfish, ipmi, amt and others)
strong experience with networking, storage technologies and cloud hosting and infrastructure.
ideally, experience of large-scale physical server provisioning and automation, including rapid deployment, configuration, management and service orchestration.
familiarity with some of the open source development tools and methodologies used in creation of several ubuntu projects (maas, juju, ubuntu server, lxd, ubuntu core), such as launchpad, debian packaging tools (apt, dpkg) and snapcraft.
canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination.  precipitevolissimevolmente
for this management level include but are not limited to:
invite and provide evidence-based feedback in a timely and constructive manner.
share and collaborate effectively with others.
work with existing processes/systems whilst making constructive suggestions for improvements.
validate data and analysis for accuracy and relevance.
follow risk management and compliance procedures.
keep up-to-date with technical developments for business area.
communicate confidently in a clear, concise and articulate manner - verbally and in written form.
seek opportunities to learn about other cultures and other parts of the business across the network of pwc firms.
uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct
what are you going to do?
you'll be a part of a team that values technical and business acumen.
you'll get training and development to extend and develop your skills, while fostering a strong collaborative culture.
you'll have the opportunity to help organisations design and create sustainable security solutions at enterprise scale, through a focused approach on enterprise requirements and prioritisation, information technology security architecture, and the software development lifecycle.
preferred skills
intermediate or advanced university students of systems, computer science, informatics or related fields.
advanced level of english because you will be working with our best talent here and in the us.
will be a plus: knowledge in iam , cyberdefense , firewalls , azure , active directory , vulnerability management , pentesting , network principles and iso among others
minimum years experience required
no experience required! just be willing to join an excellent team, learn and accept challenges!
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at pwc without regard to ethnicity; creed;  precipitevolissimevolmente
you will play an active role in problem solving for clients including identifying issues, forming hypotheses, designing and conducting analyses, and synthesizing conclusions into recommendations.
as part of our two-year operations excellence program (oep), you will work on client engagements in the same way as any other mckinsey consultant. you will gain leading edge operations and consulting skills, primarily through on-the-job coaching which will be complemented by the oep’s structured capability-building program.
we view the oep position as the start of a rewarding, challenging and highly flexible career with mckinsey and the operations practice. during your first few years with the firm, you will serve as a junior practice specialist on multiple client engagements and work with a number of colleagues and clients in a range of industry and operations service lines. you will acquire the necessary knowledge and expertise to help companies achieve excellence in their operations.
along with other members of the oep community, you will dedicate many days to functional training and knowledge development under the leadership of our operations experts. you will follow a curriculum based on operations excellence themes and will receive advanced training in specific areas of operations.
additionally, you will engage with our clients to create new strategies across a wide platform of projects, from automation to mine optimization to predictive maintenance, and more. you will not only expand our current analytics capabilities but will help architect new strategies and applications within a dynamic innovative organization.
upon completion of the program, successful consultants will join our global group of leading experts in operational excellence. we already have oep graduates working at all levels of the firm, from associate to partner.
qualifications
bachelor's degree ideally in engineering, computer science or applied math; master's or other advanced degree preferred
experience with manufacturing in basic materials (e.g., metals & mining, pulp & paper), oil & gas industries or consumer goods companies
proven record leading lean/six sigma projects across the manufacturing area
experience with reliability, maintenance and/or condition monitoring; experience with process control and control systems is a plus
experience in application of advanced manufacturing technology including digital and big data (e.g., smart factory, iot, industry 4.0 automation/robotics in world-class production facilities) is a plus
proven record in defining and/or implementing digital strategies across all stages of the value chain is a plus
programming experience with r, python or related platform is a plus
proficiency in one or more of the following: predictive analytics (maintenance, production, environmental conditions), optimization, mine planning tools & software, simulations, automation is a plus
ability to work collaboratively in a team environment at all levels in an organization
strong communication skills, especially around breaking down complex structures into digestible and relevant points for a diverse set of clients and colleagues
skills to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and written, in english and spanish
comfortable with extensive travel precipitevolissimevolmente
in key projects for leading organizations in the strategy, commercial effectiveness, transformation: organization and processes, risk management and control and marketing, financial and management information areas.

requirements

recent graduates or final year students from disciplines relating to finance, business administration, economics, actuarial science or engineering.
postgraduate studies and/or specialised courses are an asset.
solid academic record.
get up and go attitude, maturity, responsibility and strong work ethic.
strong computer skills.
strong ability to learn quickly.
able to integrate easily into multidisciplinary teams.

we offer

the best environment to develop talent


 precipitevolissimevolmente
within delegated authority, the human rights officer will be responsible for the following duties:

monitors, documents and reports on the human rights situation in peru.
plans and coordinates activities related to thematic mandates on human rights, including from a gender perspective.
conducts substantive research and analysis of human rights issues/events and cases and assesses their impact on the human rights situation in peru.
collects and analyses information regarding human rights case work as well as data and indicators in country/region of assignment, including gender-specific data and indicators on access and enjoyment of justice.
provides support to un human rights mechanisms and other bodies; follows-up on implementation of decisions rendered by policy-making bodies and on the investigation of human rights violations, to ensure that an effective intervention is made through institutions, mechanisms or procedures at the national and international level.
ensures human rights issues, including their gender equality dimensions considerations, are integrated into political, humanitarian and economic efforts and programme.
conducts early warning analysis and share information with the united nations country team (unct), civil society organizations, authorities and international community, with a particular focus on discrimination, human rights defenders and indigenous peoples to support un crisis preparedness.
defines work plan for area assigned in accordance with established terms of reference.
undertakes fact-finding and monitoring field missions and reporting.
writes a variety of reports, communications, briefings, statements on country/region specific and thematic reports, etc., including to policy-making bodies.
performs other related duties as required.
competencies
professionalism: knowledge of human rights issues and ability to identify related problems in their political, ethnic, racial, gender equality and socio-economic dimensions. knowledge of institutional mandates of human rights organizations, prevailing policies and procedures. research, analytical and drafting skills, in particular of case work, including ability to identify and participate in the resolution of human rights issues. ability to identify sources for data collection, research and analyze information and draft human rights reports. ability to evaluate and integrate information from a variety of sources and assess impact on the human rights situation in the area of assignment. shows pride in work and in achievements; demonstrates professional competence and mastery of subject matter; is conscientious and efficient in meeting commitments, observing deadlines and achieving results; is motivated by professional rather than personal concerns; shows persistence when faced with difficult problems or challenges; remains calm in stressful situations; and takes responsibility for incorporating gender perspectives and ensuring the equal participation of women and men in all areas of work.

communication: speaks and writes clearly and effectively; listens to others, correctly interprets messages from others and responds appropriately; asks questions to clarify, and exhibits interest in having two-way communication; tailors language, tone, style and format to match audience; demonstrates openness in sharing information and keeping people informed.

teamwork: works collaboratively with colleagues to achieve organizational goals; solicits input by genuinely valuing others' ideas and expertise; is willing to learn from others; places team agenda before personal agenda; supports and acts in accordance with final group decision, even when such decisions may not entirely reflect own position; shares credit for team accomplishments and accepts joint responsibility for team shortcomings.
education
advanced university degree (master's degree or equivalent degree) in law, political science, international relations, social sciences or related field. a first-level university degree in combination with two additional years of qualifying work experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree.
work experience
a minimum of five years of progressively responsible experience in human rights, political affairs, international relations, law or related area is required.

out of the five years, at least two years of field experience is desirable.

human rights monitoring and reporting experience is desirable.

experience in fact-finding and reporting is desirable.

experience working on human rights issues in the americas region is desirable.
languages
english and french are the working languages of the united nations secretariat. for the position advertised, fluency in spanish and english is required.
assessment
evaluation of qualified candidates may include an assessment exercise which may be followed by a competency-based interview.
special notice
this position is temporarily available for six (6) months, with possibility of extension - subject to availability of funds.

a current staff member who holds a fixed-term, permanent or continuing appointment may apply for temporary positions no more than one level above his or her current grade.

however, a current staff member who holds an appointment at the g-6 or g-7 level may also apply to temporary positions in the professional category up to and including the p-3 level, subject to meeting all eligibility and other requirements for the position.

a staff member holding a temporary appointment shall be regarded as an external candidate when applying for other positions, and may apply for other temporary positions at any level, subject to section 5.7 below and staff rule 4.16 (b) (ii). therefore, a staff member holding a temporary appointment in the general service or related categories may only apply to positions within those categories. for full information on eligibility requirements, please refer to section 5 of st/ai/2010/4rev.1 on temporary appointments.

pursuant to section 7.11 of st/ai/2012/2/rev.1, candidates recruited through the young professionals programme who have not served for a minimum of two years in the position of their initial assignment are not eligible to apply to this position.

if the selected candidate is a staff member from the united nations secretariat, the selection will be administered as a temporary assignment.

while this temporary assignment may provide the successful applicant with an opportunity to gain new work experience, the selection for this position is for a limited period and has no bearing on the future incumbency of the post.

subject to the funding source of the position, the eligibility for this temporary job opening may be limited to candidates based at the duty station.

this temporary job opening may be limited to “internal candidates,” who have been recruited through a competitive examination administered according to staff rule 4.16 or staff selection process including the review of a central review body established according to staff rule 4.15.

staff members of the united nations common system organizations who will reach the mandatory age of separation or retirement within the duration of the current temporary need period are not eligible to apply. submitting an application or selection for the current temporary job opening does not delay or increase the mandatory age of separation.

retirees above the mandatory age of separation who wish to be considered for the current temporary job opening must indicate the reason for their last separation as "retirement." such retirees shall not be employed by the organization, unless (a) the operational requirements of the organization cannot be met by staff members who are qualified and available to perform the required functions; and (b) the proposed employment would not adversely affect the career development or redeployment opportunities of other staff members and represents both a cost-effective and operationally sound solution to meet the needs of the service.

at the united nations, the paramount consideration in the recruitment and employment of staff is the necessity of securing the highest standards of efficiency, competence and integrity. all employment decisions are made on the basis of qualifications and organizational needs. the united nations is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment of mutual respect. the united nations recruits and employs staff regardless of gender identity,  precipitevolissimevolmente
odoo developers to join our development team and participate in different projects made up of multicultural teams distributed throughout the world. we are looking for proactive people, team players passionate about programming in this language and oriented to provide the best experience to the end user. this is an excellent opportunity for those professionals looking to develop in one of the fastest growing companies in the industry!
these developers will face numerous technical challenges, so they must use current technologies, get involved in the mobile world, web applications, devices, etc.
main activities:
design, development and testing of odoo (openerp) modules, projects, products and interfaces.
customization on odoo/ openerp modules as per requirements.
configuration, installation and maintenance of server and multi database odoo/ubuntu environments.
analyze customer needs and build solutions with odoo. able to identify the requirement and propose a good alternative solution to client requirements.
data migration and implementation of odoo.
design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable python code.
keeping different projects/versions under control using svn or git.
analyze, diagnose and resolve errors relate to the applications.
help maintain code quality, organization, and automation.
what are we looking for:
+5 years of experience in odoo (customization, development and integration).
knowledge in postgressql, unixlinux, and windows platform.
good knowledge of core python, oops, and programming concepts.
knowledge on api integrations.
bachelor degree preferably in computer science, information systems, or engineering.
advanced english level.
bairesdev offers:
100% remote work.
-  precipitevolissimevolmente
with upstream projects to select and deliver the right combination of open source software, providing a seamless experience from initial deployment to day-2 operations.
what you'll do
collaborate proactively with a globally distributed team
write, test and document high quality code to create new features
debug issues and interact with a vibrant community
work with helpful and talented engineers including experts in many fields
attend industry conferences like kubecon representing kubeflow
work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events
who you are
you love technology and working with brilliant people
you have a bachelor's or equivalent in computer science, stem or similar degree
you are a skilled python developer, ideally with open source development experience
you have proven, hands-on experience with kubernetes
you have an interest in ai/ml and it's application to data analytics
you have experience with infrastructure-as-code and configuration management tools
canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination.  precipitevolissimevolmente
in the charmed operator community, for which charmhub is the centre. you'll get the chance to work not just with the broad range of talent within canonical, but the broader open source community. the charmed operator ecosystem is made up of charmed operators themselves, but also juju, pebble and more. come and help build a thriving community, and contribute to a broad range of technologies that ensure seamless software operations at scale for some of the biggest names in tech.
in addition to this role, we are hiring for engineers with experience in operating and automating different classes of software. from data platform to observability and mlops; if you have experience in automating or operating these kinds of software, then please seek out those roles, or indicate your experience in your application to this role.
what you'll do
collaborate proactively with a globally distributed team
write high quality, idiomatic python to drive the delivery of the python operator framework
build and maintain a high-quality testing framework to help businesses operate complex software efficiently and safely
debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them
review code produced by other engineers
contribute to technical documentation that define best practices for authoring high quality operators
engage with the community to share best practices
encourage and shepherd quality, idiomatic code into the framework
discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events
who you are
you have a bachelor's or equivalent in computer science, stem or similar degree
you have deep experience and history of writing modern, maintainable python
you love technology and working with brilliant people
you are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
you value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
you have interest and experience with two or more of the following: linux, kubernetes, public cloud, openstack, lxc/lxd, python, go, debian packaging, scalable web services
canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination.  precipitevolissimevolmente
collaborate proactively with a globally distributed team
write, test and document high quality code to create new features
debug issues and interact with a vibrant community
review code produced by other engineers
attend conferences to represent canonical and the charmed observability stack
work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events
who you are
you love technology, observability and working with brilliant people
you value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
you have a bachelor's or equivalent in computer science, stem or similar degree
you have a proven understanding of the importance of observability and monitoring for keeping software running smoothly
you have strong working knowledge of modern monitoring technologies like prometheus, alertmanager, grafana, loki, etc., and how they fit together
you are a skilled python developer, preferably with a track record in open source
you have a working knowledge of go
you have proven, hands-on experience deploying, configuring and using kubernetes
you are comfortable contributing to open source codebases maintained by other companies, you have a history of driving consensus in groups of multiple stakeholders with different interests and getting the resulting work delivered
you have experience with infrastructure-as-code and configuration management tools
you have interest and experience with two or more of the following: ubuntu linux, container images, debian packaging, snap, distributed systems.
 precipitevolissimevolmente
work with a variety of open source projects, including open source mano (osm), magma, tip, openran, onf, oai and more.
in addition to the engineering behind the network functions themselves, you'll have the chance to work with industry-leading teams inside canonical to ensure your work is backed by rock-solid data stores, and highly observable using our kubernetes-based observability stack.
what you'll do
collaborate proactively with a globally distributed team
write high quality python and go code to implement new features
debug issues and produce high quality fixes
review code and designs from other engineers
discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
work from home with 2 to 4 weeks global travel for internal and external events
who you are
you love technology and working with brilliant people
you are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
you have a bachelor's or equivalent in computer science, stem or similar degree
you have extensive software engineering experience with python or go
you have experience in the telecommunications industry, preferably with mnos or neps
you understand vnf and cnf concepts and have experience with openstack or kubernetes
you have experience in automating the software product lifecycle with tools like juju, charms, helm, terraform, ansible, etc.
you are excited about increasing the open source footprint in the telecom world
canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination.  precipitevolissimevolmente
a highly motivated and passionate cloud solution architect with hands-on implementation experience in azure infrastructure and applications development space.

practical knowledge of the technologies and products in your area of expertise, hands-on experience with solution delivery is a must, with proven execution aliged to technical and business stakeholders. being able to associate business outcomes to azure utilization is a key expectation of the role.
responsibilities
understanding customer/partner technical environment
identifies and evaluates industry trends (customer industry verticals, information technology [it] industry), gathers customer/partner insights (e.g., feedback around technical preferences, environments, business needs, competitive landscape), and maps architecture and digital transformation solutions to customer/partner business outcomes. adapts business models, plans, and solutions to insights.
acts as the voice of the customer (voc)/partner by driving new feedback, gaps, blockers, insights, resources, etc. across territories to track, add, and prioritize, using established channels (e.g., uat/tft). represents the customer/partner to internal teams (e.g., engineering) to shape products and services by providing insights across the territory.

architecture design and deployment
leverages and champions an existing architecture approach to achieve microsoft's agreed commitments to the customer/partner. proposes and develops new solutions to scale across multiple customers/partners while demonstrating the business case and presenting alternative scenarios.
uncovers, aggregates, and synthesizes data about customer/partner business, complex technical requirements and issues (e.g., involving great length or tenacity to resolve), and various technical strategies being proposed. addresses them with win-win technical architecture(s) and demonstrates and proves the capability and business value of those solutions through design collaboration sessions with the customer/partner.
applies broad technical, industry, and enterprise knowledge to architecture projects to meet business and information technology (it) requirements and resolve identified constraints. shaping and enhancing customers' requirements.
leads customer/partner projects that implement technical architecture(s) to enable a breadth of highly advanced and complex solutions. provides thought leadership for technical architecture design, development, and deployment and supports/drives the customer/partner throughout pre-sales and/or implementation.
anticipates, identifies, and removes technical blockers (e.g., changing configurations, sample coding) through regular technical reviews and check ins to accelerate architecture implementations. anticipates and routes non-technical issues for removal by the appropriate party.
adapts methodology and applies governance to identify, communicate, and minimize business and technical risks (e.g. well-architected framework, enterprise scale landing zone, cloud adoption framework). defines customer/partner conditions of success, adheres to quality assurance, and calculates risks while designing and/or delivering solutions.

practice development
connects gaps and patterns across business and technology areas, and drives changes and improvements to existing intellectual property (ip), technologies, and/or processes that enable solutions to scale across customers. drives sales and consumption, as well as ip re-use and best practice sharing. develops and contributes to the company stock of structured frameworks and methodologies.

trusted advisor
develops and expands existing impactful relationships with customer and partner/mcs architects, c-level technical decision makers (tdms), and business stakeholders (to the extent that the customer/partner will call for consultation without being prompted). provides direction to tdms and builds the bridge between tdms and business decision makers (bdms). influences partners in technical and architectural areas.
creates and sustains constructive tension and trust with customers/partners by respectfully challenging their decisions and/or areas where they might do more and encouraging them to consider alternative architectures and approaches.
leads the adoption of microsoft architecture technologies based on analysis/differentiation of microsoft and competitor products to influence the industry-wide direction for specific architecture(s).

thought leadership
leads virtual teams around technologies and customer/partner challenges by sharing ideas, insight, and strategic, technical input with technical teams, internal communities across the field, and the larger virtual team across microsoft using knowledge of microsoft architectures and their context in the competitive landscape. acts as a mentor to multiple peers and leads initiatives to improve processes and drive efficiency.
participates in external architect community events (e.g., conferences, seminars, technical meetups, webcasts, blogs, hackathons) and shares learnings with internal team. acts a mentor to junior colleagues by educating them on technical and non-technical concepts and sharing best practices. demonstrates deep industry knowledge and drives recognition for microsoft solutions through presentations and engagements with external audiences.

customer usage
leads architecture design, resiliency reviews, and technical optimization across multiple applications for the customer, resulting in production deployment application and increased customer business value. leads initiatives to ensure that the customer's environment and applications are well-architected.

other
embody our culture and values

qualifications
required/minimum qualifications
bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, or related field and 6+ years experience in technology solutions, practice development, architecture, consulting, and/or cloud/infrastructure technologies
or master's degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, or related field and 5+ years experience in technology solutions, practice development, architecture, consulting, and/or cloud/infrastructure technologies
or equivalent experience.
advanced level of english (written and spoken)

additional or preferred qualifications
bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, or related field and 10+ years experience in technology solutions, practice development, architecture, consulting, and/or cloud/infrastructure technologies
or master's degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, or related field and 8+ years experience in technology solutions, practice development, architecture, consulting, and/or cloud/infrastructure technologies
or equivalent experience.
6+ years project management experience.
technical certification in cloud (e.g., azure).

how you do it

knowledge, skills, abilities
architecture design
artificial intelligence (ai)
business analysis
business knowledge
challenger mindset
cloud platform
cloud security
commercial technology acumen
competitive analysis
consultative selling
creativity
data analysis
data architecture
databases
decision making
devops
driving insight-led conversations
engineering awareness

english language proficiency
enterprise security
executive presence
formal presentations
governance methodology and practices
innovation & capability growth
interpersonal flexibility
machine learning
microsoft products
migration planning
network architecture
networking
open source platforms
operational excellence
oral communication
problem solving
project management
relationship management
software architecture
software engineering practices
stakeholder management
storytelling
strategic technical planning
team orchestration
technical architecture
technical communication
technical solutions
technology industry knowledge
trusted technical advisor
written communications

microsoft is an  precipitevolissimevolmente
collaborate proactively with a globally distributed team
write high quality python code following best practices to create new features
debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them
review code produced by other engineers
discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
participate in osm events like hackfests or webinars
work from home with global travel 6 to 8 weeks for internal and external events
who you are
you love technology and working with brilliant people
you have extensive software engineering experience with python
you are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
you value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
you have a bachelor's or equivalent in computer science, stem or similar degree
you have passion for quality and testing
you have interest and experience with two or more of the following: ubuntu linux, kubernetes, openstack, qemu/kvm, lxc/lxd
you are familiar with etsi nfv standards
canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination.  precipitevolissimevolmente
and practically demonstrate and develop your expertise.

the primary functions of this mission critical and high profile role include but are not limited to the following:

+ the practice lead will develop and enhance key internal relationships across technical practices, business lines, and geographies, as well as develop and enhance external relationships with key clients. you will support building and leading a team of passionate and skilled resilience practitioners and provide technical support in the areas of:

+ nature-based solutions / green-grey infrastructure

+ climate action, adaptation, and resilience plans/strategies

+ vulnerability analyses & risk assessments

+ racc components of eia projects (e.g., ceqa, nepa, iaa, sacc)

+ natural disaster preparedness review & guidance

minimum requirements

+ bachelor's or master’s degree in climate change, environmental planning, or related field (ms preferred)

+ 8+ years’ experience in resilience/climate change or related fields (e.g. ecology, biology, natural resources, disaster risk management, natural resources restoration)

preferred qualifications

+ architect or engineer with more than 15 years of professional experience

+ demonstrated project management experience and a proven record of project delivery to high standards, on time and within budget

+ demonstrated skill, versatility, and creativity with program management and leadership experience in conservation, ecological management, environmental science, and research

+ strong research and management experience guiding projects to help conserve and restore the environment and build climate-resilient communities

+ high-level view of systems and data-centered approach to problem-solving based on extensive background in ecology and environmental science

+ exemplary and successful proposal and grant writing experience

+ history of building, leading, and working in high-level teams and steering committees, including managing and overseeing work al precipitevolissimevolmente
software engineers with strong background in go or python, who enjoy being constantly challenged to deliver and operate solutions at scale with the highest engineering quality, develop their skills, and work with internal stakeholders to identify, design and implement or improve internal business processes.
what you will do:
develop backend services powering ubuntu advantage and livepatch, primarily in go
develop integration services to support automation of business processes at canonical
continuously improve our engineering best practices
collaborate with other teams at canonical in pursuit of delivering the best customer experience
we expect you to have:
bachelor's degree or equivalent in computer science or related engineering field.
experience as a software developer in a high-level language - preferably go or python.
experience building, deploying, and operating distributed systems and apis.
excellent verbal and written communication skills in english.
ability to collaborate remotely with a diverse set of team members and stakeholders, remain highly motivated, productive, and organized in a fully remote environment.
ability to travel to international destinations for one week at a time, approximately 2-4 times per year.  precipitevolissimevolmente
a power bi to join our business team. we are looking for proactive, dynamic people and team players, with great organizational capacity, accustomed to handle multiple tasks and with marked attention to details. it is an excellent opportunity for those professionals looking to develop in one of the fastest growing companies in the industry!
main activities:
architect and design a scalable data warehouse that can be connected to a business intelligence tool. this could mean redesigning the way data is stored in our backend systems.
create automated cohort analysis and revenue bridges to monitor acquisition, expansion, and churn.
producing actionable insights that will be used to support or devise new strategies.
assisting the various business units as a discussion partner to plan, strategize, and grow business by enabling data-driven decision-making.
derive actionable insight from the data including working with sales teams, customer success, and others to build reports to both acquire and retain customers.
what we are looking for:
professional experience in business intelligence, analytics, data science or comparable fields preferred.
3+ years of strong reporting, business intelligence & technical background.
strong experience in power bi.
passionate about understanding customers and their behavior.
skilled at querying relational databases (sql) and ability to pull data from various sources.
proficiency with at least one analytics language such as r, python.
advanced english level.
bairesdev offers:
100% remote work.
-  precipitevolissimevolmente
a microsoft azure sql developer to act as an instrumental player in building the frameworks, data assets and workflows for a high functioning, operationally efficient, global business. this is an excellent opportunity to be one of the key members of our engineering team and position yourself for unique career growth opportunities.
what you’ll do:
drive the automation process of collecting new data and the refinement of existing sources to continue improving our tools and build predictive analytics over time.
maintain the proprietary financial risk and portfolio management systems that drive our business.
collaborate with cross-functional teams to solve complex problems across company infrastructure projects.
you must have:
bachelor’s degree or above in computer science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
5+ years of professional experience in a full stack development / engineering / database management role.
highly proficient with sql, azure database management, data structures and algorithms.
proficient with back-end programming languages and javascript frameworks.
experience with bi platforms (e.g. tableau) and report building.
experience building api workflows with zapier and / or custom built with javascript / python.
advanced english level.

bairesdev offers:
100% remote work.
-  precipitevolissimevolmente
machine learning developers to work from home and join our development team and participate in different projects made up of multicultural teams distributed throughout the world. we are looking for proactive people, team players passionate about programming in this language and oriented to provide the best experience to the end user. this is an excellent opportunity for those professionals looking to develop in one of the fastest growing companies in the industry!
these engineers will face numerous technical challenges, so they must use current technologies, get involved in the mobile world, web applications, devices, etc.
what you’ll do:
collaborate with data science and engineering teams to build machine learning solutions.
create end to end workflows that perform feature extraction, label generation, model development and retraining and deployment of said models.
research and implement cutting edge deep learning architecture.
work with product team to code and deploy machine learning systems.
design, develop and test tools and frameworks to improve data science teams productivity speeding up the development cycle.
you must have:
5+ years of experience in machine learning.
strong coding skills in python and spark.
hands-on experience in both designing and implementing large scale ml applications.
experience with the full product lifecycle, from requirements to production.
advanced english level.
bairesdev offers:
100% remote work.
-  precipitevolissimevolmente
network engineers to join our development team and participate in different projects made up of multicultural teams distributed throughout the world. we are looking for proactive people, team players passionate about programming in this language and oriented to provide the best experience to the end user. this is an excellent opportunity for those professionals looking to develop in one of the fastest growing companies in the industry!
these engineers will face numerous technical challenges, so they must use current technologies, get involved in the mobile world, web applications, devices, etc.
main activities:
maintaining and administering computer networks and related computing environments including systems software, applications software, hardware, and configurations.
performing disaster recovery operations and data backups when required.
protecting data, software, and hardware by coordinating, planning and implementing network security measures.
troubleshooting, diagnosing and resolving hardware, software, and other network and system problems.
replacing faulty network hardware components when required.
maintaining, configuring, and monitoring virus protection software and email applications.
monitoring network performance to determine if adjustments need to be made.
conferring with network users about solving existing system problems.
operating master consoles to monitor the performance of networks and computer systems.
coordinating computer network access and use.
designing, configuring and testing networking software, computer hardware, and operating system software.
what are we looking for:
associate’s degree in computer science, information technology, business, or related field required or 2 years of relevant experience in lieu of a degree.
5+ years of experience in network administrator, network operations, or related experience.
hands-on experience with two or more of these technologies: cisco routing/switching (lan/wan), cisco asa security, cisco wireless, cisco telephony, avaya telephony (unified communications).
advanced english level.
bairesdev offers:
100% remote work.
-  precipitevolissimevolmente
for this management level include but are not limited to:
conduct self in a professional manner and take responsibility for work and commitments.
flex approach to meet the changing needs of teams and clients.
identify and make suggestions for efficiencies and improvements when performing work.
take action to stay current with new and evolving technology.
use tools, techniques and firm standard methodologies to support research, analysis and problem solving.
handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
communicate with empathy and adapt communication style to meet the needs of the situation and audience.
manage expectations of stakeholders effectively.
emb precipitevolissimevolmente
a wide range of software engineering challenges, from the linux kernel up through ubuntu server, desktop, iot and operations tooling, from the public cloud to the edge, as open source products and commercial business systems. we work in low-level engineering with kernels and compilers and toolchains. we create distributed systems in golang and python, we work with web technology, and many layers in between. our commercial offerings are both software and saas, along with a range of professional services and support.
we will structure our engineering organisation around these six vp roles, reporting to the ceo, in no particular order:
vp engineering, ubuntu
ubuntu itself - the server and desktop experience, kernel, low level system, toolchains, and runtimes such as python and java.
vp engineering, cloud
our public cloud experience on aws, azure, gcp, oracle, ibm, our docker images and container capabilities, and our private cloud offerings, including maas bare metal cloud, kubernetes, openstack, ovn, ovs, ceph and lxd virtualisation.
vp engineering, saas
our online services, including our systems management service, our software distribution systems for debs, snaps, docker images and charms, and our developer collaboration infrastructure.
vp engineering, iot
ubuntu core and offerings that enable next-generation secure devices for the edge and iot, from automotive to drones, from the factory to telco, home and office environments.
vp engineering, information systems
commercial systems for canonical and customers, including our own internal systems, security offerings, and it operations solutions. this is effectively a combined engineering leadership and cio role.
vp engineering, enterprise solutions
open source enterprise offerings from databases through data lakes and document stores, analytics, mlops and visualisation, to identity management, model-driven devops, and cloud-native operations of the entire open source application universe.
canonical is a product-centric organisation. these leaders are responsible for the success of the products in their group, working with their engineering directors and managers, to ensure that they have what they need to be successful. we offer customers a unified approach to open source, and our success depends on the quality of experience customers have when they use our products together. vp's work with product management to ensure customer experiences are harmonised across our very diverse product range.
at this level, competitive strategy is as important as software engineering skill and experience. we expect our software engineering group to be commercially astute, to be thoughtful about global technology and market trends, to be aware of competitor positioning, to be excited to change the game and bring new ideas to fruition, and to ensure that canonical products lead the market. there is nothing 'business as usual' about enterprise technology, it is a highly competitive arena with constant change, and this leadership team is critical to our ability to move faster and deliver better than our competitors.
these positions are advertised widely. applications by females and under-represented groups will carry extra weight in the early assessment stage. final appointments will be on merit alone.
required skills and experience
candidates should have a track record of successful product delivery in the software industry, the ability to speak compellingly to a global industry audience, the ability to plan and organise across multiple products and teams, clear leadership skills, an appreciation for open source, and hunger for commercial success.
exceptional academic results at high school and university
degree qualification in computer science or software engineering
passion for high quality, usable, fast and reliable software
extensive management experience with multiple reporting teams
confidence in public speaking
exceptional work ethic
ability to travel internationally for company and industry events
successful startup experience preferred
public company experience preferred
open source experience strongly preferred
we are an ambitious organisation with the goal to be the primary partner for most industry players and end-users of open source, but we are also humble - our primary mission as a platform and an aggregator is to serve those who innovate on open source rather than competing with them. we don't create a new database - we enable others to create and distribute new open source products, and our strategy must be as good for them as it is for us. our success depends on the success of others. we benefit from the growth of the major public clouds, of open source startups, of semiconductor companies, and of the businesses that choose to build on open source and ubuntu - and we value their success as much as our own.
 precipitevolissimevolmente
lead the implementation of the research study,
manage budgets, timelines and procurement; oversee the project’s finances including tracking all expenses to
ensure costs are within project budgets.
develop, test and program questionnaires in surveycto,
hire, train, and manage enumerators that conduct data collection,
oversee data collection activities; measure and enforce adherence to data quality protocols, including auditing enumerators, monitoring data collection, and conducting data quality audits,
maintain detailed data collection and project logs; ensure compliance with ipa policies and procedures,
develop reports and deliverables for project partner, communicate about field activities when required,
manage day-to-day relationships with the implementing partner,
regularly communicate updates with the principal investigators and the research coordinator/manager.
qualifications
a bachelor’s degree in economics, social science, public policy, or related fields (quantitative background preferred). a master’s degree is a plus,
strong analytical abilities and quantitative skills; good knowledge of stata required (or other similar data
analysis software); programming and another technical knowledge a plus,
familiarity with randomized controlled trials preferred,
experience managing field work and data collection strongly preferred,
experience programming electronic surveys is a plus,
excellent management and organizational skills,
must be able to work under pressure, independently and in a team, and meet deadlines, flexibility, self-
motivation, and pro-activity highly valued,
creativity and intellectual curiosity in experimental methods, ability to find quick and effective solutions to
unforeseen circumstances,
fluency and excellent communication skills in spanish and english,
ability to work independently and to carry out assignments to completion within parameters of instructions given, prescribed routines, and standard accepted practices
application instructions
complete the j-pal/ipa common application. after completing a brief registration, choose the policy job category, then select “research associate, peru rct project 2”. most applications require at minimum a statement of purpose (cover letter), cv and transcripts.
note that you are able  precipitevolissimevolmente
for this management level include but are not limited to:
conduct self in a professional manner and take responsibility for work and commitments.
flex approach to meet the changing needs of teams and clients.
identify and make suggestions for efficiencies and improvements when performing work.
take action to stay current with new and evolving technology.
use tools, techniques and firm standard methodologies to support research, analysis and problem solving.
handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
communicate with empathy and adapt communication style to meet the needs of the situation and audience.
manage expectations of stakeholders effectively.
emb precipitevolissimevolmente
for this management level include but are not limited to:
use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results.
demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems.
use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends.
review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice.
seek and emb precipitevolissimevolmente
for this management level include but are not limited to:
use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities and coach to help deliver results.
develop new ideas and propose innovative solutions to problems.
use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from from current trends in business area.
review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
share relevant thought leadership.
use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing others.
able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality, diverse relationships.
uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
what are you going to do?
a pply network security architecture concepts including topology, protocols, components, and principles
developing policy, plans, and strategy in compliance with laws, regulations, policies, and standards in support of organizational cyber activities;
utilizing microsoft suite of products and of their design and implementation;
function in a collaborative environment, seeking continuous consultation with other analysts and experts—both internal and external to the organization—to leverage analytical and technical expertise
apply cybersecurity and privacy principles to organizational requirements
performing as a team member;
leveraging creative thinking and problem solving skills, individual initiative, and utilizing productivity tools.
what are we looking for?
c onsultants who are passionate about how strategy and technology can improve the role of cybersecurity, privacy and data protection in our digital world;
consultants who help clients architect, implement, and optimize security technologies to manage visibility, access, identification, and control over sensitive data and systems
preferred skills:
knowledge in active directory, azure ad, azure b2c, azure pim, azure iga, conditional access policies, azure mfa
knowledge in computer networking concepts and protocols, and network security methodologies
knowledge in common regulatory requirements
cloud-based knowledge management technologies and concepts related to security, governance, procurement, and administration
enterprise cloud solutions across iaas, paas & saas, such as aws, azure, openstack, cloud foundry, salesforce, microsoft office 365, box etc.
enterprise security and cloud security specific solutions such as iam/idaas, casb, identity governance, cloud soc/siem, key management & encryption, public, private and hybrid cloud solutions
systems security testing and evaluation methods
network security architecture concepts including topology, protocols, components, and principles (e.g., application of defense-in-depth).
network security implementations (e.g., host-based ids, ips, access control lists), including their function and placement in a network
minimum years experience required
3+ years of experience in cloud security, network security, security architecture, data security,and/or cyber defense or iam.
advanced level of english.
degree preferred
cybersecurity, computer science, computer engineering, information technology, engineering, computer application, business, or relevant field
certification(s) preferred:
certified information systems security professional (cissp), microsoft security engineer (az-500, sc-200,sc-300,sc-400, ms-600), microsoft solution architect (az-303, az-304, mb-700, mb-600, az-120, pl-600), azure developer (az-204, mb-300, mb-500, ms-600, pl-400, az-220)
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at pwc without regard to ethnicity; creed;  precipitevolissimevolmente
in key projects for leading organizations in it strategy and governance (strategic it plans, it servicing , project management office (pmo), transformation, organization and efficiency, etc.), implementation of specialist technologies for digital transformation (architecture definition, big data, solutions development, tool implementation, etc.) and risk and regulatory management (cybersecurity, data quality and data governance, etc.)

requirements

recent graduates or final year students from disciplines relating to computer science, telecommunications engineering or other it degrees.
postgraduate studies and/or specialized courses are an asset.
solid academic record.
get up and go attitude, maturity, responsibility and strong work ethic.
knowledge of other languages is desirable.
advanced user of programming languages, databases and software engineering techniques.
strong ability to learn quickly.
able to integrate easily into multidisciplinary teams.

we offer

the best environment to develop talent


 precipitevolissimevolmente
transform core business systems to best-in-class: optimize salesforce.com and key sales, finance, and marketing systems and processes by implementing critical changes and ensuring adoption from all users
facilitate cross-functional decision-making: drive the prioritization and delivery of initiatives for core business systems by working with technology teams and sales, marketing, and finance stakeholders
create a vision and culture of operational excellence: map our current systems and processes, synthesize information from all parts of the business, identify root cause issues, and drive efficiency from end-to-end
maximize our investments: partner with our vendors to understand capabilities and solutions and partner with internal customers to deliver best-in-class functionality and troubleshoot issues
identify and drive critical priorities: identify the highest impact initiatives, motivate diverse stakeholders, and keep driving numerous priorities forward to deliver best-in-class solutions on time and within budget
other duties/responsibilities
support strategy & operations team in other operations analysis, data modeling, and financial analysis as needed
engage regularly with senior leadership team in solving critical challenges and identifying opportunities
required skillset:
demonstrated impact documenting complex business systems and determining root-cause issues
cross-functional facilitator and strong listener with ability to guide and motivate diverse stakeholders
data-driven decisionmaker with keen ability to analyze data and track and manage key metrics
bias for action with proven organization and time management skills to prioritize workloads and meet deadlines
strategic and analytical thinker that can get into the weeds but also see the forest for the trees
excellent written and oral communication skills with ability to meet needs of multiple audiences
knowledgeable expert in salesforce.com and other key sales, finance, marketing systems and vendor capabilities
demonstrated impact in financial analysis and delivering business value
.required education and/or experience
bachelor degree required, preferred degrees in analytical fields such as engineering, computer science, economics, mathematics
4-6 years of relevant work experience required with preferred industry experience in technology or consulting
experience with salesforce.com required and experience with zuora, marketo, or similar systems preferred
experience working with developers in agile environment preferred
 precipitevolissimevolmente
for this management level include but are not limited to:
develop new skills outside of comfort zone.
act to resolve issues which prevent the team working effectively.
coach others, recognise their strengths, and encourage them to take ownership of their personal development.
analyse complex ideas or proposals and build a range of meaningful recommendations.
use multiple sources of information including broader stakeholder views to develop solutions and recommendations.
address sub-standard work or work that does not meet firm's/client's expectations.
use data and insights to inform conclusions and support decision-making.
develop a point of view on key global trends, and how they impact clients.
manage a variety of viewpoints to build consensus and create positive outcomes for all parties.
simplify complex messages, highlighting and summarising key points.
uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
minimum degree required: bachelor's degree
required fields of study: accounting, finance, management information systems, computer science, economics, business administration/management, engineering, mathematics, statistics , and/or other relevant degree.
credential required: public accountant, cisa or us cpa
minimum years of experience: seven years of relevant experience (auditing and it controls auditing, consulting and/or implementing it solutions)
oral and written proficiency in english required.
"todos los candidatos calificados serán considerados para trabajar en pwc sin importar raza; credo;  precipitevolissimevolmente
for this management level include but are not limited to:
use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results.
demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems.
use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends.
review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice.
seek and emb precipitevolissimevolmente
and your key stakeholders, and use them appropriately for inbound and outbound messages.
fully understand diverse communication styles and tailor messages appropriate to your audience.
customer focus
leverages a targeted customer approach.
actively considers customer needs via research, feedback mechanisms, and design thinking.
-consistently collaborates with customers and/or customer-facing team members to obtain first- hand knowledge of needs (eg. customer testing, data analytics, working with front-line staff).
responds thoughtfully and strategically to customer needs by leveraging research/findings to initiate features that are targeted at enhancing the customer experience.
prioritizes quality to reduce customer facing bugs or issues.
self-awareness & development
understands own motivations and career goals; actively plans for career development.
seeks specific development opportunities that would normally take one outside one’s comfort zone; committing to continuous improvement by seeking opportunities for stretch goals and projects.
fully aware of one’s strengths and weaknesses and seeks out feedback from multiple sources, particularly those who might have unique perspectives
agility
contributes positively to the cop through active participation and the development of personal and team development programs.
understand and operate effectively in an agile environment.
take active part in assuring definition of ready and definition of done criteria are met, interacting with other roles and functions.
identify blockers and risks and proactively work to remove them or manage them, delegating and escalating when needed.
experience
typically 4 years of industry experience or more.

en scotiabank estamos interesados en promover tu desarrollo profesional dentro de un ambiente de equidad, diversidad e inclusión. tu postulación contribuye a la identificación del talento, gracias por participar en esta convocatoria!
en caso no puedas cargar tu curriculum vitae en nuestra plataforma, revisa el peso del mismo que debe de tener como máximo 5mb, puede ser versión pdf o word. te sugerimos que en la opción de "formato simple de curriculum" puedas ingresar tu información. no olvides que es importante actualizar siempre tu curriculum y en caso que hayas olvidado tu contraseña o usuario por favor seguir a detalle los pasos para recuperarlos.
tomar en cuenta que los postulantes seleccionados se regirán a un paquete estrictamente local, sujeto a requisitos y limitaciones de índole reglamentaria u otra, tales como la obligación de tener un permiso de trabajo o diversas restricciones derivadas de contratos colectivos que pudieran afectar sus posibilidades de postulación. agradecemos mucho tu comprensión y colaboración. precipitevolissimevolmente
:
this role gives you the opportunity to lead key activities to progress your career, the main of these are:
manage preparation of new regulatory documents, dossiers and applications to enable new otc products to be launched and maintained in market, with the correct alignment and compliance to regulations, proactively seeking innovative and rapid path to market.
proactively manage impact of regulatory changes within defined scope of responsibility on the business.
analyze regulatory issues and communicate with key stakeholders. work together to help develop plans to mitigate, so that we can deliver science that is robust and aligned with business needs. look for opportunities with regional supportive team to reduce submission/ approval timelines. at the same time complying with our internal policies and local regulations
actively contribute to the activity of a high performing local teams, including looking for ways to improve the performance.
correct handling and timely updating of regulatory systems such as veeva regulatory, local databases, and other systems with regulatory information with high impact to the business such as sap.
give support to other deparments: permanent interaction as regulatory reference for sales, marketing, customer supply chain, medical, demand and legal to assure the business continuity and for any activity where regulatory support is required
to review and approve promotional materials of products under his/her responsibility so that these materials are in accordance with health regulations.
to participate in labelling process reviewing and approving the artworks of the products under his/her responsibilities, providing the input from the regulatory perspective and assuring the artworks are in accordance with health regulations
to interact with health authorities, local registrations contact and regulatory associations. if required
why you?
basic qualifications:
we are looking for professionals with these characteristics to achieve our goals:
pharmaceutical degree is required.
english and spanish level: advanced.
3+ years of experience in similar roles with demonstrated success in managing health registrations processes for central american and caribbean and desirable in other latam countries meeting high standards of quality
in- depth knowledge of the current health regulatory framework for drug regulatory procedures.
if you feel this is your next career move, please apply up to february 11th, 2022.
inclusion & diversity at ch:
inclusion and diversity at gsk are key for our success. here, you will thrive through bringing your unique experiences to both our company and the recruitment process. we want you to be you, feel good and keep growing your career.
gsk is an  precipitevolissimevolmente
working with clients to develop the overall look and design of a solution producing, maintaining and modifying the solution and user interface ensuring the solution is accessible across platforms, including laptops and smartphones if needed. fixing any website issues or bugs that arise ensure the creation and implementation of customized experiences for the digital user understand product specifications and user psychology and predict what might work for both.

we founded variacode to support the accelerated growth of our clients' businesses, we are quality-oriented, driven by agile methodologies, and passion for technology. we are a chilean company specialized in devops, automation, software architecture, software development, consultancy services, and we love what we do.

requisitos

bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering or a related field. more than 5 years of experience working on software development and python scripting with apis at the core. experience within an aws cloud environment (ec2, lambda, api gw, vpc, iam, etc) iac automation (terraform) ability to test and debug their own code. analytical, detail-oriented. ability to work both independently and in a team excellent interpersonal and communication skills to communicate ideas (the work will be most of the time in english).

beneficios

personalized english classes once or twice per week (1 hour each class) if needed. remote culture always. variacode stock options if the employee has been in the company for more than one year. bonus: two times in the year: september 18th and december 25th. 10% of the monthly salary if the employee has less than one year in the company. 15% of the monthly salary when the employee has been in the company for more than one year. paid leave days. additional programs: 5% sales commissions if you bring a sales opportunity, and the opportunity is won. usd $500 if you bring a new employee using our referral program. usd $100 for computer rental. precipitevolissimevolmente
a global champion of software quality, who will challenge not only our own teams, but also open source developers all around the globe, to raise the bar on quality through innovation, process and community. this is an opportunity to set the standard for software quality in open source - not just in ubuntu but also in the wider context of public cloud, private cloud, cloud-native, serverless, desktop and device software.
there are two areas of particular focus for this role. the first is ubuntu itself - tens of thousands of packages, in every possible language, all changing at the speed of upstream, across multiple architectures, with multiple flavours of kernel tuned and certified on thousands of different servers and devices. the second, and even more challenging, is the new wave of distributed systems that people are running on top of ubuntu. on kubernetes, thousands of potential combinations of ubuntu-based docker images are deployed every day. on bare metal, complex infrastructure-as-code topologies of private cloud, big data and container technology make up the modern data center stack. in both cases, traditional qa won't work. the only path to success is radical innovation and technology - and that's the opportunity for this role to lead.
in the minds of our customers and our users, canonical doesn't just represent ubuntu, it represents a pathway to all of open source. as leaders in the community, we can shape standards, expectations and patterns which are noticed and adopted widely. our six month release cadence has become something of a standard. our two year lts cycle - even the term lts itself - has also been widely adopted in the open source community. we'd like to do the same now for quality.
as the engineering director of quality at canonical, you have a key role in the success of ubuntu, our partners, customers, and the larger ubuntu community. your role will cover the whole product engineering organization, contributing at both high and detailed levels to help numerous teams enhance the quality of their products. applicants to this role should have a proven track record of exceptional engineering management, leadership, excellence, and consistency in multiple areas, projects, or teams.
do you want to determine the next generation of what's possible with software quality? are you ready to innovate and redefine the status quo? we're looking for a leader passionate about technology, quality, and testing. this is not a traditional qa role.
in this role you will bring your expertise in quality and testing to bear on all of canonical's software products, across the entire engineering organization. you will consult with engineering managers and teams to establish consistency in how software is tested, identify opportunities for testing improvement, and measure results and progress over time. you will also have the opportunity to try new approaches, radical if necessary, to improve the state of the art. but perhaps most importantly you will articulate to the world the principles and practices that we think raise the standard for everybody, and hold canonical accountable to them.
what you'll do
collaborate proactively across product engineering to help define harmonized testing procedure and pipelines
own overall product quality process and direction of testing frameworks
mentor others and provide cross-team input
evaluate the quality discipline of engineering teams
write high quality code to implement foundational components as needed
work to reduce complexity and improve maintainability of our test frameworks
influence others and represent technical insight to customers and other engineers
support and encourage solid engineering processes (e.g. tdd, kanban, scrum, etc.)
work from home with global travel 6 to 8 weeks for internal and external events
who you are
you have engineering management experience and have delivered great products
you have a passion for innovation in the software engineering discipline of quality & test
you love technology and working with brilliant people
proven track record of automated regression and integration testing in complex projects, ideally in python and/or golang
you demonstrate an understanding of the definition of done
you have an understanding of the full lifecycle of modern software development
you are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
you value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
you have a bachelor's or equivalent in computer science, stem, or similar degree
 precipitevolissimevolmente
a ux research to design software and platforms that meet people’s needs. you will combine interfaces and workflows to enhance user experience. in this role, you should be an analytical and creative designer who is able to grasp user needs and solve problems. a strong portfolio of successful ux and other technical projects is essential. ultimately, you will make our product more user-friendly and intuitive to attract and retain customers.

responsibilities:
understand product specifications and user psychology
conduct concept and usability testing and gather feedback
create personas through user research and data
define the right interaction model and evaluate its success
develop wireframes and prototypes around customer needs
find creative ways to solve ux problems (e.g. usability, findability)
work with ui designers to implement attractive designs
communicate design ideas and prototypes to developers
keep abreast of competitor products and industry trends
requirements:
proven experience as a ux designer, ui designer or similar role
strong portfolio of design projects
background in project management and research
familiarity with interaction design and information architecture
proficient in design software (e.g. uxpin, balsamiq)
problem-solving aptitude
analytical mind with a business acumen
excellent communication skills
bsc in design, computer science, engineering or a related field
 precipitevolissimevolmente
lead and develop a team of up-and-coming, junior-level engineers working remotely in global  precipitevolissimevolmente
and responsibilities
facilitate agile events (expected by the framework) ensuring neutrality in the content and their result
ensure priorities, agenda, time, objectives and definition of success in the session
communicate timely when faced with unexpected situations
apply knowledge of frameworks and basic metrics in a squad
promote self-organization and continuous improvement in the squad
promote iterative and incremental thinking, as well as continuous and value delivery at every iteration
advise the product owner and team members on lean frameworks and principles
ensure that there is a healthy backlog (prioritized and with correct hus) that generate value for the customer
make use of metrics to calibrate the delivered value (okr, kpi)
understand the diagnosis of client practices and guidelines
promotes balance between technical excellence and delivery of squad value


required technical and professional expertise
know at least 2 agility frameworks
knowledge of basic metrics (burn down, burn up, velocity)
knowledge basic lean metrics (cycle time, lead time)
lean-agile philosophy
2 product prioritization techniques (kano, moscow)
negotiation techniques (persuade with valid arguments)
agile estimation knowledge (hu points, t-shirt)
hu taxonomy
devsecops basics
concepts and value of unit testing, basic refactoring, technical debt, and automated testing
it guidelines, security / organization data
your squad's application ecosystem
know rules of agile ceremonies
mediation techniques, information capture and creation of new knowledge
techniques for team hindsight
theory on workshop structure (agenda)

preferred technical and professional expertise
effective communication

about business unit
ibm services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. ibm services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

your life  precipitevolissimevolmente
will include: owning the customer and partner technical engagement end-to-end, including diving deep and being hands-on with aws technology; evangelizing and educating customers and partners; leading formal and informal aws training classes; removing technical sales blockers through knowledge transfer and partnerships; defining implementation and transition architectures; helping to respond to requests for information and requests for proposals; and achieving success with other specific technical projects as needed. to achieve those goals and building on your broad background and technical breadth and depth in security, networking, operating systems, storage, and application architecture and implementation you will develop expertise in all aws services and technologies, and deep understanding of how customer applications and services are best built and operated on the aws cloud computing platform.
the ideal candidate will possess customer-facing skills that will allow them to represent amazon well within a customer's environment and drive discussions with senior personnel within public sector organizations, as well as a technical background that enables them to easily interact and give guidance with software developers and architects. he/she should also have a demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, mission, product, and technical challenges.
we are looking for someone who is passionate about the following:
creating, building, educating, training and designing cloud computing architectures for our government & education partners.
·
our company credo: "work hard. have fun. make history". it is critical to love what you do and take pride in your value proposition to our customers.
·
deep-dive technical discussions around design and the innate curiosity to always keep your technical skills current while maintaining a pulse on industry trends.
... with experience in the following key areas:
technical aws development/deployment experience, virtual networking, cloud computing.
·
operational aws site/services operations, management, and security.
·
economic and business rfp/acquisition support; technical architecture; understanding market trends; cost benefit analysis
·
government and education: advisory/consulting experience with national and local governments, as well as educational institutions of all types.
·
executive speaking and presentation skills: white board, small and large group presentations.
roles & responsibilities:
serve as a key leader in many of south america's spanish speaking countries helping to ensure agency and institution success in fulfilling their missions, through building and migrating applications, software and services on the aws platform.
·
engage and educate new and existing partner ecosystem, and support their technical implementation efforts.
·
assist solution providers and government agencies with the definition and implementation of technical and business strategies that will enable them to drive down costs and raise the bar for citizen services.
·
capture and share best-practice knowledge amongst the worldwide aws solution architect community, as well as your public sector sa team.
·
understand the aws market segments, customer base, and industry verticals.
·
understand and exploit the use of salesforce.com and other internal business support systems.
the successful candidate will possess both technical and customer-facing skills that will allow them to be the technical face of aws within our solution provider ecosystem/environment, as well as directly to end customers. he or she will be able to drive discussions with senior technical and management personnel within customers and partners, as well as the technical background that enables him or her to interact with and give guidance to software developers, it pros, and system architects. the ideal candidate will also have a demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges.
highly technical and analytical, possess significant software design and development and/or it and networking implementation/consulting experience in relevant markets.

experience hiring and managing a small to mid-sized technical team, and a positive and mentoring management style suitable for hiring and retaining the best talent. strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations. executive speaking and presentation skills including formal presentations, white boarding, large and small group presentations.

experience working within the software development or internet industries is highly desired.

understanding of application, server, network security, and government compliance and security certification models and processes is highly desired.

working knowledge of software development and engineering practices as well as internet/web and soa/web services technologies highly desired.

web services development/deployment experience, it systems and network engineering experience, security and compliance experience, software engineering experience, etc.

operational experience with website/web services as well as traditional it operations, management, and security experience.

deep business understanding of cloud computing as a fundamentally disruptive technical and business strategy; market analysis; cost benefit analysis, rfp/acquisition support; etc.

interest and desire to think long-term for this position and growing with the business.

advisory/consulting experience with colombia country governments and agencies.

amazon is an  precipitevolissimevolmente
a collaborative and open work environment where people are valued for their unique talents and empowered to do their jobs well.
the marketing team at canonical drives commercial outcomes for the company across its portfolio of products and grows the addressable market through digital marketing campaigns, lifecycle management, events, partnerships and community development. if these things are important to you and you're driven by driving growth, delighting customers and filling the sales funnel, we want to talk with you.
job summary:
canonical is looking for a marketing manager who will be responsible for managing marketing strategy and campaigns at a global level for a diverse range of products to support our growth strategy. this is a hands-on, multi-disciplinary and dynamic position, requiring close collaboration with the local sales teams, the partner & alliances team, product team as well as other marketing functions.
the ideal candidate is passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. they prefer to work in an environment that emphasises ownership of campaigns, collaboration, learning, curiosity and a drive to always improve oneself / the team / the organisation. they love to problem solve, get hands on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier.
as a marketing manager you will:
be responsible for go-to-market planning and execution
plan, implement, measure and improve campaigns: launches, lead generation, sales generation, awareness...
put systems in place, monitor and report on effectiveness of marketing activities
be confident building, launching and reporting on campaigns using salesforce, tableau, adobe or marketo
organise events and webinars
work on paid and social media promotional campaigns
drive brand awareness through pr / ar coordination with comms manager
collaborate proactively as part of a globally distributed team.
the successful marketing manager will have:
knowledgeable and passionate about digital marketing, brand, demand and customer engagement
excellent verbal, written, visual/presentation skills in english
track record of managing multiple marketing programs simultaneously
growth mindset - enthusiasm for challenges and strong work ethic with a 'can do' attitude
objectivity and openness to others' views while continuously building a positive team spirit
a bachelor's degree in marketing / business / computer science and supporting qualifications
track record of delivering strong results and innovation in the technology area or saas.
what canonical offers:
learning and development
annual compensation review
recognition rewards
annual leave
priority pass for travel
flexible working option
canonical believes a diverse workforce enhances our ability to deliver world class software and services which meet the world's computing needs. we are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to  precipitevolissimevolmente
of this position are:
understand ubuntu, linux, networking and services in real-world public cloud environments
architect complex infrastructure solutions like kubernetes, ceph, hadoop and spark, kubeflow
architect and integrate popular open source software such as postgresql, mongodb, kafka, cassandra and nginx
help partners to offer and architect joint solutions utilizing canonical's technologies on top of the public clouds
if you have a passion for the latest open source technologies, cloud-native development, data centre technologies such as kubernetes, public cloud (aws, azure, google cloud) and computer networking, you will love the public cloud consultant role at canonical.
the successful candidate will have :
degree in computer science, mathematics, physics or related technical field
some experience with ubuntu, kubernetes, or ceph
a few years experience with architecting and implementing solutions on top of public clouds
python and bash understanding, troubleshooting skills
fluent written and spoken english
excellent communication and presentation skills
high motivation, ability to multi-task and follow-up reliably on commitments
interest in customer-facing engagement, including pitching, demonstrating and understanding customer environment and needs
interest in new technologies like lxd, juju and snaps
ability to travel globally up to 25% of the time (after covid-19 restrictions lift)
nice to have:
second language
public cloud certifications
canonical believes a diverse workforce enhances our ability to deliver world class software and services which meet the world's computing needs. we are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to  precipitevolissimevolmente
a worldwide leader in software performance, both to challenge canonical engineering teams and to raise the bar for open source performance globally.
this is an opportunity - perhaps a once in a lifetime opportunity - to bring fresh ideas to software performance. our scope is almost unlimited. open source spans the full spectrum of software - from the kernel and rtos all the way to the web, for single thread software on tiny machines to massively parallel distributed systems, the challenges of performance are as diverse as the kinds of code we touch.
in the minds of customers and users, canonical doesn't just represent ubuntu - it represents a pathway to all of open source. as leaders in the community, we can shape standards, expectations and patterns which are noticed and adopted widely. our six month release cadence has become something of a standard. our two year lts cycle - even the term lts itself - has also been widely adopted in the open source community. we'd like to do the same now for software performance.
we consider performance and efficiency to be closely related. we want machines running open source to be greener than any possible alternative, and performance engineering is a key part of that equation. we also want businesses to get answers faster, users to spend less time waiting, ram to go further, older machines to be useful for longer. all of this rests on our ability to inspire, cajole and measure performance engineering both inside of canonical and in the wider open source ecosystem.
this is not an academic role, nor one for the fainthearted. we expect to see demonstrable changes in teams and metrics as a result of this appointment, and we will only support a leader who can attract a global external following to their ideas. we only have one space for such a leader, and we will only keep someone in role who we think is the best, and most deserving, of the opportunity.
your role will cover the whole canonical product engineering organization, contributing at both high and detailed levels to help teams enhance the performance of their products. applicants to this role should have a proven track record of engineering management, leadership, excellence, and consistency in multiple areas, projects, or teams. they will need to be able to help teams set and measure appropriate metrics, and judge management ability to move constructively in the right direction on those metrics. they will need to be able to do this with teams working on vastly different kinds of software, and they will need to make arguments that are compelling and inspiring and practical to implement for engineers who do not work for canonical and are not accountable to us.
we want to push the boundaries of performance. this role is important not just for bragging rights to speed, but also for the impact that it can have on global energy use in machines touched by canonical's work and open source more broadly. the ideal candidate will have significant experience in performance engineering, will have a history of data-driven decision-making, will be an articulate communicator, will be comfortable presenting plans and results to management, and will have prior experience leading successful projects and teams.
what you'll do
collaborate proactively with multiple distributed teams
help engineering teams establish and achieve software performance goals
establish consistency in of performance measurement, observation, and tooling
contribute code to streamline performance and remove bottlenecks
evaluate the performance rigour of engineering teams
write specifications and understand performance trade-offs and risks
work to reduce complexity
influence others and represent technical insight to customers and other engineers
help debug performance issues and produce high quality code to fix them
provide code reviews for performance-related patches
spend a significant amount of time mentoring others and providing cross-team input
work from home with global travel 4 to 8 weeks for internal and external events
who you are
you have a long history of performance engineering on a variety of projects
you have a track record of public leadership and commentary
you can represent canonical on software performance externally
you have experience leading successful projects and teams
you have engineering management experience
you are an articulate communicator
you love technology and working with brilliant people
you follow industry trends and new technologies
you understand and value how you do what you do, as well as what you do
you have strong collaboration and influencing skills
you are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
you value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
you have a bachelor's or equivalent in computer science, stem or similar degree
 precipitevolissimevolmente
:
4+ years of combined experience in security, software engineering, and devops, with coding experience in an object-oriented language in a saas multi-tenant environment.
knowledge in owasp practices.
degree in computer science or equivalent practical experience, ms in computer science preferred.
experience with:
leading small initiatives with the ability to course-correct as needed.
conducting threat assessments and creating remediation plans based on the results of threat assessments.
penetration testing, threat modeling, open-source, and commercial security tools.
aws and tools (guardduty, tenable, cloudconfirmity, macie, snyk, cloudfront).
infrastructure/cloud automation tooling (e.g. cloudformation, terraform, packer).
service mesh/discovery tooling (e.g. consul, envoy, istio, etc).
continuous integration (e.g. circle ci, jenkins).
containers and container management (docker, kubernetes, helm, spinnaker).
configuration and security management (e.g. ssl certs, puppet, ansible, salt, vault, kms).
security tools: (scanners, interactive security testing tools, burp suite). technical certifications are a plus (giac, ocsp, cissp, oscp).
working on large, complex systems.
working on agile / scrum teams.
ability to consistently work 40 hours per week.
 precipitevolissimevolmente
a ux designer to design software and platforms that meet people’s needs. you will combine interfaces and workflows to enhance user experience. in this role, you should be an analytical and creative designer who is able to grasp user needs and solve problems. a strong portfolio of successful ux and other technical projects is essential. ultimately, you will make our product more user-friendly and intuitive to attract and retain customers.

responsibilities:
understand product specifications and user psychology
conduct concept and usability testing and gather feedback
create personas through user research and data
define the right interaction model and evaluate its success
develop wireframes and prototypes around customer needs
find creative ways to solve ux problems (e.g. usability, findability)
work with ui designers to implement attractive designs
communicate design ideas and prototypes to developers
keep abreast of competitor products and industry trends
requirements:
proven experience as a ux designer, ui designer or similar role
strong portfolio of design projects
background in project management and research
familiarity with interaction design and information architecture
proficient in design software (e.g. uxpin, balsamiq)
knowledge of html/css; javascript is a plus
problem-solving aptitude
analytical mind with a business acumen
excellent communication skills
bsc in design, computer science, engineering or a related field
 precipitevolissimevolmente
: develop projects according to the business requirements, based on the instituted engineering best practices & policies. ensure that the engineering team has appropriate understanding of the business requirements, which are based on the artifacts delivered by the business analysts and solutions architects. review and suggest changes in the architecture's component distribution and/or on the software selection. review, discuss & send any database changes based on enterprise patterns, according to what the data architect / dba presents as a recommendation or constrain. ensure that the engineers assigned get their tasks done on time and with expected quality. ensure that all source code meets the applicable software engineering standards, practices and rules of compliance. advise or modify uml diagrams that reflect source code changes. ensure that engineering artifacts match the project requirements, and that are able to run successfully in production environments. make sure that the status of tasks assigned to the team is updated. plan work efficiently and cost effectively. build a strong team and guide each team member to success. master and leverage ci processes and technology excellence. communicate/coordinate effectively with peers and other departments.

we make a difference qualifacts and credible, two leading providers of electronic health records (ehr) and related technology to behavioral health and human services agencies, merged in august 2020. the new entity combines and brings to market the decades of experience each company achieved individually, and is laser-focused on helping agency partners improve clinical outcomes, enhance operations, and create healthier communities. the company is offering, enhancing, and fully supporting both ehr platforms – carelogic and credible – while collaborating to build an even brighter future for partner agencies and their clients. join us and make a difference! *qualifacts+credible is an  precipitevolissimevolmente
in key projects for leading organizations in the strategy, commercial effectiveness, transformation: organization and processes, risk management and control and marketing, financial and management information areas.

requirements

recent graduates or final year students from disciplines relating to mathematics, physics, statistics, econometrics or other quantitative fields.
postgraduate studies and/or specialised courses are an asset, especially in data science, quantitative finance or similar.
should desirably have knowledge of modeling techniques (logit, glm, time series, decision trees, random forests, clustering), statistical programming languages (sas, r, python, matlab) and big data tools and platforms (hadoop, hive, etc.).
solid academic record.
strong computer skills.
knowledge of other languages is desirable.
get-up-and-go attitude, maturity, responsibility and strong work ethic.
strong ability to learn quickly.
able to integrate easily into multidisciplinary teams.

we offer

the best environment to develop talent


 precipitevolissimevolmente
will require the extraction, preparation, transformation and enrichment of data from one or multiple sources, online or offline
develop innovative analytics modules, in a modular and reusable way, always following quality code approaches that makes our code easily industrialized.
key responsibilities
be responsible for the development of predictive models and the generation of data-driven insights to solve industrial problems or challenges.
own the data analysis exercises in order to understand the client’s issues, quantify the value to be unlocked
you’ll be responsible for development, training and validation of mentioned models, and the visualization of the data and model results through dynamic dashboards.
manage and manipulate data sets, including variables definition, performing calculations and summarizations, and creating solutions to address client business needs.
help organize the project delivery plan, understanding the user stories’ effort estimation and raising issues for prompt resolution as soon as they arise.
provide specific solution training and guidance to client’s factory personnel at the end of the project
through data discussion sessions with clients teams ensure that data integration activities around raw and feature-enriched tables align with the analytical models.
develop, iterate and maintain analytical models.
demonstrate a high degree of ownership, accountability for your output and commitment to the task.
mentor and train junior developers and modelers.
support management team on client proposals and other sales activities.
ability to work collaboratively and effectively with offshore development teams and provide guidance to ensure quality deliverables.

skills you will need:
you should have working knowledge of process data visualization, statistics/statistical testing, machine learning, data mining, and database structure and management.
high proficiency in statistical analysis.
critical thinking and attention to detail.
statistical analysis/programming at medium to high level in two or more of the following tools: python, r, sas, scala, pyspark, matlab, tensor flow, torch, caffe, excel, cntk, sql.
practical knowledge of visualization tools like shiny/dash, tibco spotfire, qlikview, kibana, tableau or powerbi.
knowledge of full life cycle development methodologies in agile.
true team collaboration skills. precipitevolissimevolmente
‍‍
you will be reporting to our data manager, pedro puerta. you will help our internal teams make the right decisions based on data and analysis and your insights will help shape the strategy at paack.
what will you do?
design and build scalable and robust data pipelines to enable data-driven business decisions.
extract, process, and transform data from different sources using python and sql.
identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
assist in the integration with our data visualization tools.
mentor and share technical expertise with junior colleagues within the team.


what are we looking for? ‍ ️‍ ️
if you’re a looker wizard, a hands-on person, a structured change agent and are looking for a new business challenge, then keep on reading…
what would we like you to bring?
you have a university degree in engineering, computer science or a related field.
you come with at least 3 years of previous experience as a data engineer/bi engineer/backend engineer or related role.
experience with batch data procesing and real-time with tools like airflow, dbt, debezium, dataflow, kafka or pubsub.
proficient knowledge of sql
strong knowledge of multiple coding languages (especially python)
experience designing and implementing architectural components of a data warehouse. preferably using big data/column store dbs (bigquery, redshift, presto, vertica…)
good understanding of software development and software engineering habits (like github, unit test, ci/cd, and monitoring).
you speak english at a fluent business level
why paack?
because to lead the online market delivery revolution we need enthusiastic, energetic, and committed people. people, who also bring strong expertise in their professional area and have a learning mindset.
if you commit to bringing all the above, we do commit to:
a great project in a fast-growing start-up, which is revolutionizing last-mile delivery in major european cities (london, paris, madrid, barcelona, lisbon, etc).
a place where you'll grow and build a successful career being part of a unique team, both human and professional.
collaborative work environment, we are passionate about new ideas and suggestions.
very experienced people to work with. we want you to feel inspired by us, and us inspired by you.
flexible work schedule.
who will be part of your team?‍‍
we are a team of 9 people, for us, it is very important to enjoy the work we do while having a great team atmosphere. we work with a common goal: to help the company to be more data-driven and make better decisions. if you see graphics everywhere or you need to do a deep data analysis to buy a fridge, you might consider joining our great data team .

next steps
sounds like a fit? come and join our growth. if you believe you have the capabilities to thrive in this role, then please submit your cv and all the information you see relevant for getting to know you and your expertise.
once we have reviewed your application, we’ll then be in touch to arrange a call as a next step. after which we’d invite you to meet the team.
we thank you in advance. precipitevolissimevolmente
experience
education
competencies precipitevolissimevolmente
:

candidates will need to have strong and proven capacities and/or experience on the following:
create business meaningful insights through dashboards, using tableau and /or spotfire, in the areas of product supply
provide technical contributions in a fast-paced team environment to accelerate our efforts on building an analytics-driven product pipeline.
develop sustainable, consumable, accurate, and impactful reporting on model inputs, model outputs, business impact, and key performance indicators. forming partnerships with cross functional teams in the company, including internal r&d, engineering and it teams.
present compelling, validated stories to all levels of organization, including peers, senior management, and internal customers to drive both strategic and operational changes in business.
experience in machine learning,

work relationship:

active member in the data analysts and data science community to build personal acumen & ability, while sharing best practices with others.
working with key stakeholders of cropscience division under the direction of supervisor/leader or immediate team.
deep interaction and collaboration with the business analysts and developers of the share service center organization

competences:

bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering, with 2+ years of experience.
profound knowledge in tableau and /or spotfire
high expertise of sql programming and developments
demonstrated computational skills and level of experience using r or python
experience in predictive modeling —to include comprehension of theory, modeling/identification strategies and limitations
excellent communication skills in multilingual environment, capable of working in an international environment
strong interpersonal skills and desire to work in a highly collaborative environment
strong analytic problem-solving and critical-thinking skills
proven effective communication skills both written and verbal required in english language
experience in crop science as a plus

we will offer you:

a flexible hybrid work model with option to work within ue and 2 weeks/year outside ue.
career development with wide access to professional development tools & trainings.
meals subsidy in office.
2 additional annual leave days after 3 years in the company.
life & accident  precipitevolissimevolmente
a data scientist. a talented, fun, collaborative person willing to bring added knowledge to our data analytics group. if you thrive working with top clients in the evolution of their data & ai journey… then, we’d like to meet you!
your work:
iberia market unit – working for our top clients in the evolution of their core systems and the implementation of new digital architectures. our clients are belonging to a wide variety of industries (such as financial services, resources, health & public services, products or comms & media) and our services/projects can be transformational for all the company or focused on a particular area (marketing, hr, sales or supply chain & operations)
supply chain & operations innovation center – located between barcelona and madrid, has been at the forefront in helping clients from around the globe and across industries under the umbrella of intelligent operations for the last 15 years – we develop cutting-edge assets and solutions to reduce costs and improve supply chain processes, such as optimization of stock levels, demand planning and forecasting, automated warranty solutions, and predictive asset maintenance.
your role:
data scientists drives new data insights to uncover business opportunities & revenue streams. the role has a firm understanding of statistics and data visualization for communication, as well as an understanding business growth areas & how to utilize important data. the role is also responsible for identifying new analytic trends/data needs and repeatable analytic solutions. works with key stakeholders to generate hypotheses and create analytic models that answer impactful business questions.
key responsibilities
designs and implements processes and layouts for complex, large-scale data sets used for modeling, data mining, and research purposes.
defines strategy for use of data and how data use interacts with data design.
works with data engineer to design and implement statistical data quality procedures around data sources.
performs data studies and data discovery around new data sources or new uses for existing data sources.
implements and hands-off data checking and updating procedures to other teams as needed (e.g. data engineering team)
performs statistical analyses with existing data sets in statistical packages.
visualizes and reports data findings creatively in a variety of visual formats that appropriately provides insights to the organization.
develops end-to-end data science applications, including complex distributed data processing, creating an analysis framework (e.g. models, algorithms, etc.), developing custom complex visualization tools, and deploying web applications.

key skills
data-driven decision making
statistical modeling with focus in any of the following: natural language processing, classification/predictive modeling, econometrics modeling, computer vision/image modeling, etc.
data visualization
statistical analysis and measurement
background in statistics, econometrics or quantitative analysis
preferred qualifications
amazon web services/gcp/azure
data analytics with python or r
data preparation with python or r
hadoop
spark (pyspark/scala)
what’s in it for you:
join the data analytics group for a challenging and rewarding career where the variety of opportunities and projects allows you to develop your potential and grow professionally every day. the only place where you can learn from our unrivalled experience, working alongside over 100 data scientists and data engineers, 20% of which are phd’s in the areas of mathematics, computer science, physics or statistics.
we offer a competitive salary, an extensive  precipitevolissimevolmente
a new colleague in the product management data intelligence department of zf aftermarket at our  precipitevolissimevolmente
‍‍
mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.
clean and prepare data sets to be used as inputs for data science models.
develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation and other business outcomes
coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.
create clear reports that tell compelling stories about how customers or clients work with the business

day-to-day life at innovamat
we improve our product iteratively and incrementally following the mantra: "quality is non-negotiable".

 precipitevolissimevolmente
:
work closely with the uk team, client managers and relevant stakeholders to deliver insightful analysis to our clients
build, test and deploy machine learning models and frameworks
managing the full machine learning lifecycle
track and resolve risks, issues, and action items throughout project lifecycle
problem-solve with product and client teams, advise on how to leverage data science across the company and for our clients
ensuring quality and accuracy of analytics deliverables
help guide the development of our internal analytics and data science products.
develop technical solutions, frameworks and methodologies to solve key business problems and challenges
identify opportunities to improve the development and deployment of machine learning models
producing specifications and client facing documentation on technical processes
key experience, skills and knowledge:
a degree or equivalent in a numerical subject such as data science, computer science, mathematics, engineering
knowledge of commonly used data science and analytics platforms, such as aws sagemaker, data bricks etc
familiar with common data science frameworks such as spark mlib, tensorflow, keras etc
experience of using one or more programming languages, r, python, scala, java and sql.
experience using and knowledge of techniques like random forest, gradient boosting, collaborative filtering etc
experience managing the end to end analytics and machine learning lifecycle
excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. ability to present complex or highly technical issues in simple and easy-to-understand formats, for technical and nontechnical audiences
a good understanding of agile product development and software development lifecycle

we are an equal opportunities employer and as such, will make any reasonable adjustments to accommodate the needs of all candidates. if you have any such needs or requirements in the context of your interview, please notify us so that we can make the appropriate arrangements.
we are an equal opportunities employer and as such, will make any reasonable adjustments to accommodate the needs of all candidates. if you have any such needs or requirements in the context of your interview, please notify us so that we can make the appropriate arrangements. precipitevolissimevolmente
you will make your own cycle of data extraction, data analysis, data interpretation, summarizing data through presentations and visualizations, putting them in production environments, providing insights, making recommendations, and communicating them to the team. lingokids is still a fairly small company so we need our data scientists to be one-person armies.
communicate your insights to technical and non-technical audiences and be able to guide non-technical stakeholders to transform their ideas/needs into the appropriate deliverables. you need excellent communication and people skills.
generating relevant and clear insights, identify and clearly articulate recommendations drawn from data. where can we make an impact? how can we add the most value? you are not only an executor but a guide.
make clear, attainable, and consistent definitions for all things data: metrics, data schemas, kpis, etc. you will make sure we are able to understand each other.
work closely with the data engineering team to ensure the effectiveness and accuracy of our data to make sure all our data needs are being covered by our data infrastructure/ecosystem.
support deep ad-hoc analysis as: impact analysis, data inconsistencies investigation, experiment results interpretation, etc.
desired experience
masters degree or ph.d. in economics or econometrics (or equivalent business experience)
have experience developing advanced analytical solutions, using databases and analytics tools, for at least 2 years.
have experience in the data extract, transform and load process including data cleansing and quality review.
have experience building statistical and machine learning (supervised/unsupervised) models, measuring their performance, extracting insights from them, and running them in production environments.
have proficiency with sql and experience with r or python and any data viz tool.
aws redshift for our data warehousing, dbt for elting, and sql for querying the data. we use extensively the aws ecosystem (sagemaker, ecs, athena, etc.) so knowledge of these products is a plus.
are always curious and enthusiastic about learning new analytical methods.
have worked with large volumes of data and have strong decision-making with imperfect information.
english is a must. we are a multicultural team, and we are providing a service in english so, we don't care about certificates, but we expect you to be able to communicate fluently.
you should feel equally comfortable communicating in long-form writing. we have become a fully remote company so,  precipitevolissimevolmente
:
global cybersecurity and privacy engineering team is part of digital technology within schneider digital and support application teams to meet internal and external security and  precipitevolissimevolmente
a data engineer to be part of our it team.

you will

participate in the development construction testing and maintenance of the architecture defined by the data manager.
manage the areas own services (databases data warehouse data lake etc).
identify design and implement tools automation and processes that improve the operation availability and quality of data.
building data sets and integrating new sources to meet business requirements.
execute the areas projects autonomously or in collaboration with partners.

qualifications

bachelors degree in computer science or similar
minimum of 2 years experience in engineering/data management
strong knowledge of sql languages and etls
strong knowledge in sql server administration and azure cloud data services
knowledge of data visualization with excel and power bi
knowledge in python and some programming language (preferably .net)
english level advanced

python, power bi, sql, etl, azure,
348a8fca8ib18a14a5pe precipitevolissimevolmente
:
about the role
we are looking for a dynamic candidate to work as a data architect in the space of people analytics. today, there are multiple source systems, different databases and different analytics tools used in a complex it landscape to help in reporting, getting key insights and supporting decision making of our leadership. this role will play a pivotal part in driving the simplification initiative of this landscape, ensure data quality is well maintained by working with data engineers, bi consultants, and business stakeholders to define data models and the strategy to load them to enhance value creation.
what will you do?
data architect is the responsible for design, documentation, delivery, and socialization of the data objects required for the project
will interact with business stakeholders to understand the analytics and data consumption requirements, to translate those into data entities
as pivotal role understanding company’s data would be involved too in data governance support activities
data architect is responsible to guarantee mechanism to improve and maintain data quality and data security
s/he will contribute to solution design, considering scalability, reliability performance, and ux aspects
will support as advisor for fine tune the code for performance of the system and expected evolution in size and consumption
works in close collaboration with data engineers to ensure that data will flow appropriately and ensure timely and quality delivery.
(external) english qualifications:
what qualifications will make you successful?
degree in computer science (or related field)
+6 years in business intelligence end-to-end projects
+6 years working with etl tools (preferably informatica powercenter, ibm data stage, odi…)
minimum 3 years working specifically with informatica powercenter
+6 years working in data modelling and defining data warehouse schemas
+6 years working on databases (such as redshift, oracle, sql server, teradata)
minimum 1 year working with redshift
excellent knowledge of sql, pl/sql and optimization techniques
knowledge of aws architecture and services is an advantage
ability and drive to work independently, with minimal supervision and complete ownership
exhibit strong communication skills – both verbal and written
showcase numerical, analytical, and problem-solving skills
nice to have: knowledge in python, r, spark
fluent in english

(external) english company boiler plate:
why us?
schneider electric is leading the digital transformation of energy management and automation. our technologies enable the world to use energy in a safe, efficient and sustainable manner. we strive to promote a global economy that is both ecologically viable and highly productive.

€25.7bn global revenue
137 000+ employees in 100+ countries
45% of revenue from iot
5% of revenue devoted for r&d

you must submit an online application to be considered for any position with us. this position will be posted until filled

it is the policy of schneider electric to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities in the areas of recruiting, hiring, training, transferring, and promoting all qualified individuals regardless of  precipitevolissimevolmente
a data & analytics specialist providing leadership on ideation, analysis, delivery and improvement of data solutions considering as main objective to drive business results and sales with data-based insights.
this position is located in our barcelona (viladecans) hq.
what you’ll do:
lead data & analytics strategy across the company working closely with different business stakeholders specifically ecommerce and sales teams.
high performing and scalable delivery of insights through the usage of analytical solutions.
identify opportunities based in data insights to optimize e-commerce performance.
ability to optimize and propose improvements that help achieve better results in the different digital campaigns based in data insights.
development and execution of reports and dashboards to support internal and external stakeholders needs.
collaborate with external partners specialized in digital marketing, analytics and technology.
incorporate best practices.
what you’ll need to succeed:
degree in computer science, engineering or related field is preferred.
at least 3 years of experience in the implementation of data analytics initiatives or in a similar role.
experience as analytics consulting role within e-commerce turning data into actionable insights will be a plus.
proven track record of driving revenue growth and optimizing digital marketing initiatives through data analytics.
experience with segmentation & targeting (crm), acquisition and retention, pricing and conversion, reporting & analytics.
great knowledge & passion of data analysis applied in the business strategy.
must have a problem-solving attitude, being data & results driven and having excellent project management skills such as organization, communication and collaboration.
strong influencing, facilitating working with stakeholders at all levels and across departments.
ability to quickly adapt to changes in timelines and sequences.
experience using microsoft power bi or other business intelligence platform.
languages: fluent level of english & spanish
what we can offer you:
sustainable business
opens in a new window
people commitment
opens in a new window
– learning & development
opens in a new window
– career possibilities
opens in a new window

 precipitevolissimevolmente
a passionate, highly analytical data scientist to join our talented team in sunny and vibrant barcelona or porto. you will have the opportunity to either crunch massive datasets using the latest big data technologies or solve a quick problem with an already classic algorithm. we always promote using the best tool for each task. you will be a key player in the organization by designing and implementing advanced analytics and using machine learning to build ai-powered solutions for almost every area in the business like online fraud detection, recommendation engines, user experience personalization, optimizing the flight combinations we offer or the marketing campaigns we launch, and virtually every possible area subject to optimization in the business etc. join us and help us reach our ambitious goal of becoming the global leader in online travel!
what you will do:
conduct predictive analytics to better understand how our customers interact with our products and help us anticipate their needs.
collaborate with product and business teams in order to embed machine learning into our apps, services and products and create predictive models and generate insights from our data.
coordinate, challenge and share the best analytical practices and methods within the organization.
stay up to date with the latest developments in machine learning technologies and data science trends.
effectively communicate results and insights with other stakeholders throughout the organization.
about you:
degree in a quantitative field (mathematics, statistics, computer science, engineering or other quantitative fields).
2+ years of related experience as a data scientist, machine learning engineer or similar.
previous experience in problem-solving, strong analytical and technical skills.
you have a solid understanding of appropriate statistical, data mining and machine learning methods for various analysis situations.
strong experience coding in python. other programming languages like scala, r, or java are also valued.
experience using frameworks like, spark, tensorflow and the already classic libraries like scikit-learn, pandas, etc.
solid knowledge and use of sql is important. experience in big data technologies; such as distributed computing, nosql/graph databases or architectures based on kubernetes, airflow or kafka would be a plus.
you are committed to follow good practices and conventions, from code versioning to qa processes and monitorization.
written and oral communication skills (in english).
 precipitevolissimevolmente
an experienced data scientist (m/f) who is, like us, passionate about delivering the best product and user experience to our customers. as a key member of our cross-functional and agile team setup, you will leverage your skills and ability to extract valuable insights from various data sets. you will work with a variety of challenges that touch all parts of the business. our goal is to design a better product that customers will love enabling us to get meaningful data for us to make the most accurate decisions.

ofertia is a digital company based in lively barcelona.  precipitevolissimevolmente
a world class data analyst to get the best out of our data and foster our data-driven culture within our amazing pitcrew teams (finance, people, community, legal). this role's mission will be:
10x our analytics capabilities across the pitcrew teams, making data central to any business decision we make.
collaborate with the different teams across pitcrew and using your curiosity to identify the best ways to capture, review and present data
help our teams build amazing dashboards by creating resources for stakeholders to get the best from looker, our bi tool, promoting self-service
collaborate with the data engineers to organize our data in the best way for business analytics
what you will do:
create and maintain looker dashboards, while providing actionable insight from the data
create and maintain looker data models, explores and views
gather requirements from pitcrew stakeholders and act as a bridge between them and our data engineers to fill the data gaps
design table structures to answer multiple business needs
create etl processes to model the information in the best way possible to be used by looker
what you need:
university degree in computer science, engineering or similar
3+ years of relevant experience as a data visualization, business intelligence, etl developer, or similar role working with modern bi tools.
excellent communication skills, both written and spoken, in english
experience with looker or other data visualization and bi tools (i.e. tableau, qlikview...)
you have experience working with finance teams and understanding financial data
you are a master in sql, optimizing queries for performance, scalability, and ease of maintenance
you feel comfortable querying different types of databases
you have experience with data modeling.
you have experience integrating data from multiple sources including dbs, product tracking, and apis
you have the desire to work in an international environment, with minimal direction, and with highly engaged individuals
 precipitevolissimevolmente
native speaker fluency and cultural awareness of hebrew
knowledge of text processing, scripting (e.g python)and automation
highly organized with attention to detail and a commitment to quality.
awareness of ml, nlp, tts, or speech recognition technologies
outstanding communication skills.
project management skills, with cross-functional experience and ability to understand and prioritize tasks and issues.
technical engineering, data science or machine learning background.
description
the global siri team brings innovative solutions to complex engineering challenges, with focus on improving the end to end engineering and quality of siri's experiences for our international users. from speech recognition to natural language processing, machine learning, big data consumption, all the way to speech synthesis. be ready to develop robust scalable systems for siri's international languages, in partnership with a wide range of colleagues. as a data curation lead in global siri, you will drive and supervise several of the data curation efforts that fuel the pieces in siri’s technology pipeline. this will include defining data curation specifications for your language, reviewing and ensuring data quality, reporting accuracy metrics, and documenting conventions and processes. you will also lead failure analysis exercises aimed at improving the quality of the end-to-end experience for siri users in your market. this will include delivering hands-on data analysis tasks across the product’s stack, and triaging technical issues. we are looking for demonstrated ability to be creative, take ownership of a project, and a knack for solving problems that stump most accuracy improvement projects. if you have a desire to work collaboratively in cross-functional teams with design, product, data science, and research partners we'd love to hear from you!
education & experience
b.a. or b.s. degree preferred, or experience in related fields
additional requirements
apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. apple  precipitevolissimevolmente
a highly motivated annotation projects lead, with a high sensibility for foreign languages and cultures, to help us drive the quality of our siri deliverables.
key qualifications
native speaker fluency and cultural awareness of norwegian
knowledge of text processing, scripting (e.g python)and automation
highly organized with attention to detail and a commitment to quality.
awareness of ml, nlp, tts, or speech recognition technologies
outstanding communication skills.
project management skills, with cross-functional experience and ability to understand and prioritize tasks and issues.
technical engineering, data science or machine learning background.
description
the global siri team brings innovative solutions to complex engineering challenges, with focus on improving the end to end engineering and quality of siri's experiences for our international users. from speech recognition to natural language processing, machine learning, big data consumption, all the way to speech synthesis. be ready to develop robust scalable systems for siri's international languages, in partnership with a wide range of colleagues. as a data curation lead in global siri, you will drive and supervise several of the data curation efforts that fuel the pieces in siri’s technology pipeline. this will include defining data curation specifications for your language, reviewing and ensuring data quality, reporting accuracy metrics, and documenting conventions and processes. you will also lead failure analysis exercises aimed at improving the quality of the end-to-end experience for siri users in your market. this will include delivering hands-on data analysis tasks across the product’s stack, and triaging technical issues. we are looking for demonstrated ability to be creative, take ownership of a project, and a knack for solving problems that stump most accuracy improvement projects. if you have a desire to work collaboratively in cross-functional teams with design, product, data science, and research partners we'd love to hear from you!
education & experience
b.a. or b.s. degree preferred, or experience in related fields
additional requirements
apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. apple  precipitevolissimevolmente
native speaker fluency in british english
object orientated software design and programming
proficiency in more than one programming language, such as java, c++, objective c, etc.
knowledge of text processing and nlp techniques
familiarity with machine learning methods for classification, regression, or ranking problems
description
as a language engineer you will need to be creative, take ownership of projects and have a knack for solving problems that stump most engineers. having worked on shipping products and being familiar with the rush to the finish line is helpful. specific responsibilities will include: - engineering natural language processing and speech components specific to your language. - using the power of large amount of data to tackle sophisticated nlp and machine learning problems. - leading data annotation efforts and define language specific representations, conventions and techniques. - analyzing data and making data driven decisions to improve the localized user experience. - automating, scripting and integrating workflow from diverse systems. - providing insights and suggestions towards innovative new approaches and new product features tailored to your home market. - developing creative solutions to sophisticated issues. - interacting with other teams at apple working towards the same goal; from speech recognition specialists, data scientists and speech synthesis engineers. if this is you, we'd love to hear from you!
education & experience
b.s/msc in computer science or related fields, or equivalent experience.
additional requirements
apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. apple  precipitevolissimevolmente
native speaker fluency and cultural awareness in mexican spanish
object orientated software design and programming
proficiency in more than one programming language, such as java, c++, objective c, etc.
knowledge of text processing and nlp techniques
familiarity with machine learning methods for classification, regression, or ranking problems
description
as a language engineer you will need to be creative, take ownership of a projects and have a knack for solving problems that stump most engineers. having worked on shipping products and being familiar with the rush to the finish line is helpful. specific responsibilities will include: - engineering natural language processing and speech components specific to your language. - using the power of large amount of data to tackle sophisticated nlp and machine learning problems. - leading data annotation efforts and define language specific representations, conventions and techniques. - analyzing data and making data driven decisions to improve the localized user experience. - automating, scripting and integrating workflow from diverse systems. - providing insights and suggestions towards innovative new approaches and new product features tailored to your home market. - developing creative solutions to sophisticated issues. - interacting with other teams at apple working towards the same goal; from speech recognition specialists, data scientists and speech synthesis engineers. if this is you, we'd love to hear from you!
education & experience
b.s/msc in computer science or related fields, or equivalent experience.
additional requirements
apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. apple  precipitevolissimevolmente
a highly motivated annotation projects lead, with a high sensibility for foreign languages and cultures, to help us drive the quality of our siri deliverables.
key qualifications
native speaker fluency and cultural awareness of danish
knowledge of text processing, scripting (e.g python)and automation
highly organized with attention to detail and a commitment to quality.
awareness of ml, nlp, tts, or speech recognition technologies
outstanding communication skills.
project management skills, with cross-functional experience and ability to understand and prioritize tasks and issues.
technical engineering, data science or machine learning background.
description
the global siri team brings innovative solutions to complex engineering challenges, with focus on improving the end to end engineering and quality of siri's experiences for our international users. from speech recognition to natural language processing, machine learning, big data consumption, all the way to speech synthesis. be ready to develop robust scalable systems for siri's international languages, in partnership with a wide range of colleagues. as a data curation lead in global siri, you will drive and supervise several of the data curation efforts that fuel the pieces in siri’s technology pipeline. this will include defining data curation specifications for your language, reviewing and ensuring data quality, reporting accuracy metrics, and documenting conventions and processes. you will also lead failure analysis exercises aimed at improving the quality of the end-to-end experience for siri users in your market. this will include delivering hands-on data analysis tasks across the product’s stack, and triaging technical issues. we are looking for demonstrated ability to be creative, take ownership of a project, and a knack for solving problems that stump most accuracy improvement projects. if you have a desire to work collaboratively in cross-functional teams with design, product, data science, and research partners we'd love to hear from you!
education & experience
b.a. or b.s. degree preferred, or experience in related fields
additional requirements
apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. apple  precipitevolissimevolmente
native speaker fluency in finnish
object orientated software design and programming
proficiency in more than one programming language, such as java, c++, objective c, etc.
knowledge of text processing and nlp techniques
familiarity with machine learning methods for classification, regression, or ranking problems
description
as a language engineer you will need to be creative, take ownership of projects and have a knack for solving problems that stump most engineers. having worked on shipping products and being familiar with the rush to the finish line is helpful. specific responsibilities will include: - engineering natural language processing and speech components specific to your language. - using the power of large amount of data to tackle sophisticated nlp and machine learning problems. - leading data annotation efforts and define language specific representations, conventions and techniques. - analyzing data and making data driven decisions to improve the localized user experience. - automating, scripting and integrating workflow from diverse systems. - providing insights and suggestions towards innovative new approaches and new product features tailored to your home market. - developing creative solutions to sophisticated issues. - interacting with other teams at apple working towards the same goal; from speech recognition specialists, data scientists and speech synthesis engineers. if this is you, we'd love to hear from you!
education & experience
b.s/msc in computer science or related fields, or equivalent experience
additional requirements
apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. apple  precipitevolissimevolmente
masters/phd student or starting a masters/phd in 2022 studying computer science, applied mathematics or related subject
expertise with machine learning or natural language processing (nlp), ideally in one or more of these areas: privacy-preserving ml, natural language understanding (nlu), natural language generation (nlg), structured prediction, unsupervised learning & representation learning, reasoning, or question answering
proficiency in more than one programming language, such as c++, swift, java, python, scala, javascript, etc.
experience within ml libraries like tensorflow, pytorch, etc.
inquisitive in pursuit of excellence, able to demonstrate strong sense of curiosity.
action orientated, takes ownership and is proactive in delivering against commitments
description
our aim is to create an amazing experience that allows you to learn without pressure, develop professional skills, get hands-on experience, gain a greater understanding of our industry and build valuable connections. siri is the world’s most popular intelligent assistant. available on iphone, ipad, mac, apple watch, homepod, and airpods, hundreds of millions of people can get things done - just by asking! the siri private learning team at apple is responsible for developing technologies that enable machine learning to build a more personal experience with a strong privacy guarantee. to be successful you will love to build innovative software and have the potential to develop into a highly skilled software engineer. we look for engineers who have a drive for high quality software and the ability to innovate creative solutions. communicating clearly and having the flexibility to learn new technologies, while continuously developing skills will be key to your success. you will be natural collaborator, comfortable with giving and receiving feedback and able to thrive in a dynamic environment. we will partner you with a dedicated mentor who is an authority in your specialist area. you and your mentor will collaborate to design and implement an innovative solution for an ml or nlp problem that is meaningful. at the end of your internship, you will have the chance to meet and present your work to the ai/ml leadership. where appropriate, there may be the opportunity to submit your work for publication at a suitable conference.
education & experience
pursuing a masters or phd in computer science, or related technical field.
additional requirements
apple is an  precipitevolissimevolmente
our services are premium and highly specific, and you will receive the necessary training.
business development / prospecting
contribute to the growth of your local region in terms of samples and new clients
contribute to strategy & adapt global sales strategy to your local region
obtain and follow up on referrals from cold calls and conversations with clients
prospecting activities
represent beta and isobar science (our new subsidiary) at conferences
monitor news, tenders and national projects and follow up accordingly
account management
build relationships with key contacts to develop business at major accounts in your region
use data analysis to track sample submittal trends - follow up with clients to resolve any issues and fill up the pipeline
gather market intel (industry trends, competitors, regulations) and report to management/follow up with prospects accordingly
customer support and consultation
take care of incoming inquiries/emails
follow up on results
escalate recommendations for improvement in processes and user interface based on customer experience
anticipate and fix potential issues
other
effective management of productivity, goals, workload and schedule
stay up-to-date with research fields, beta resources and technical developments in the lab and industry
business development - qualifications
bachelor's degree required, a plus if degree is in the field of archeology, geology or environmental science
excellent written and verbal communication skills in english.
follows processes and accepts direction
open to being trained and coached
accountability: true to word, takes action and accepts responsibility
proactive and resourceful
able to work comfortably and effectively from home office and during business trips
a commitment to excellent customer service.
experience using computers for a variety of tasks.
* this is a remote position open for freelancers in europe.
** please send your resume and cover letter in english in pdf format. resumes and letters in other languages are not considered.
*** we are looking for long-term collaborations.
 precipitevolissimevolmente
a highly motivated annotation projects lead, with a high sensibility for foreign languages and cultures, to help us drive the quality of our siri deliverables.
key qualifications
native speaker fluency and cultural awareness of finnish
knowledge of text processing, scripting (e.g python)and automation
highly organized with attention to detail and a commitment to quality.
awareness of ml, nlp, tts, or speech recognition technologies
outstanding communication skills.
project management skills, with cross-functional experience and ability to understand and prioritize tasks and issues.
technical engineering, data science or machine learning background.
description
the global siri team brings innovative solutions to complex engineering challenges, with focus on improving the end to end engineering and quality of siri's experiences for our international users. from speech recognition to natural language processing, machine learning, big data consumption, all the way to speech synthesis. be ready to develop robust scalable systems for siri's international languages, in partnership with a wide range of colleagues. as a data curation lead in global siri, you will drive and supervise several of the data curation efforts that fuel the pieces in siri’s technology pipeline. this will include defining data curation specifications for your language, reviewing and ensuring data quality, reporting accuracy metrics, and documenting conventions and processes. you will also lead failure analysis exercises aimed at improving the quality of the end-to-end experience for siri users in your market. this will include delivering hands-on data analysis tasks across the product’s stack, and triaging technical issues. we are looking for demonstrated ability to be creative, take ownership of a project, and a knack for solving problems that stump most accuracy improvement projects. if you have a desire to work collaboratively in cross-functional teams with design, product, data science, and research partners we'd love to hear from you!
education & experience
b.a. or b.s. degree preferred, or experience in related fields
additional requirements
apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. apple  precipitevolissimevolmente
a passionate intern - business analyst to provide solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence and maximize their opportunities
join us on our exciting journey!
role description
as an intern - business analyst within the consulting area, you will work in projects of typically 3 – 6 team members, playing an active role in all aspects of the client engagement. particularly:
contributing to internal brainstorming sessions to develop project methodology and recommendations
conducting independent desk research to a specific brief using internal and external information sources
performing quantitative and qualitative analyses to aid development of recommendations
contributing to the preparation, execution and follow up of client presentations
acquiring deep knowledge of iqvia data sources, aiming to act as expert adviser to other members of the consulting team
proactively developing knowledge of the healthcare industry and consulting methodologies
role qualifications
when hiring an intern - business analyst we expect the following skills and requirements:
bachelor’s degree with an outstanding record of academic achievement
exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and effectively with people at all levels in an organization
well-developed written and verbal communication skills including presentations, meeting and workshop facilitation, business and report writing (both in english and spanish)
strong capability in juggling priorities to meet deadlines while retaining consistently high-quality outcomes
knowledge of consulting methodologies, tools and techniques are desirable
adaptability and ability to learn quickly and apply new knowledge
#li
at iqvia,  precipitevolissimevolmente
a data analyst to join our product team. you will be managing and analyzing all data being processed at travelperk in order to create useful insights for strategic purposes. this is an instrumental position to bring the business to the next level, as you will support product owners, marketing, and management with visual data analysis to facilitate conversations and assist in data-driven decision making. are you ready to take off with us? keep reading!

what you will do:
develop quantitative analysis to drive product and business decisions and strategy
query datasets from different sources, turn data into information, information into insight and insight into product and business decisions.
use data to investigate and help resolve issues in our product or processes
design and implement metrics, dashboards, and reports
apply visualization techniques to facilitate conversations and assist in decision making.
support product owners, marketing, and management with visual data analysis to facilitate conversations and assist in decision making.
what you need:
data engineering or bachelor's degree in statistics, mathematics, economics or similar.
3-4 years of relevant experience interpreting data in a business intelligence, analytics, or data science/data scientist role, including relevant tools, techniques, and technology.
excellent communication skills, both written and spoken, in english.
excellent analytical skills.
you will need to prove the following:
you are a master in data analysis tools (sql, google analytics, and excel)
experience with statistical packages (python, r)
comfortable querying different type of databases (ie postgresql, elasticsearch)
experience preparing, consolidating and normalizing data
experience with different data visualization and bi tools (ie tableau, looker).
the desire to work in an international environment, with minimal direction, and with highly engaged individuals.
 precipitevolissimevolmente
:
management of tasks for defined european countries, such as:
collaboration with sales to allow accurate and on time contracts creation and renewal/extension
contract creation, maintenance and renewal, incl. obtaining approvals, creation of contractual documents, signature process, systems entry in sap and internal communication
full ownership of assigned contracts in order to align with important deadlines, including all compliance and approval requirements
ownership for commercial content of agreements, incl. customer contact and negotiation where appropriate and drafting non-standard contract wording
accurate and timely maintenance of our contracts lifecycle management tool
report creation in different tools
review of non-standard terms and conditions for purchase orders
first level consultant for contracts and terms & conditions questions to various internal organizations
collaboration with the legal team for more complex negotiations
support for different projects within the contracts organization.
review and evaluation of non disclosure agreements.
possible participation in projects:
preparation work
process creation
data migration
system clean up
no prior experience required, though your proactive approach, team spirit and eagerness to build your knowledge are what will ultimately drive your success.

eye for detail, an accurate well organized way of working and a high level of priority setting is required.

being able to handle tools (sap, contract lifecycle management, hana, spotfire etc.) is equally important as being able to collaborate with other functions, colleagues and the diligent maintenance of contract documentation and applicable approvals.

in addition to fluent english, spanish and another european languages is a must.

agilent technologies inc. is an  precipitevolissimevolmente
:
innovate by transforming the way to solve a problem using data science and artificial intelligence.
articulates solutions /recommendations to business users. presents analytical content concisely and effectively to non-technical audiences and influences non-analytical business leaders to drive major strategic decisions basis analytical inputs
coordinates, prioritize and efficiently allocates the team resources to critical initiatives: plans resources proactively, anticipates and actively manages change, sets stakeholder expectations as required, identifies operational risks and enable the team to drives issues to resolution, balances multiple priorities and minimizes surprise escalations
collaborates with internal stakeholders, external partners and institutions and cross-functional teams to solve critical business problems, propose operational efficiencies and innovative approaches.
proactively evaluates the need of technology and novel scientific software, visualization tools and new approaches to computation to increase efficiency and quality of the novartis data sciences practices
provides agile consulting, guidance and non-standard exploratory analysis for unplanned urgent problem
independently identifies research articles and reproduce / apply methodology to novartis business problems
publishes in peer reviewed journals, helps organizing sessions at external professional conferences and contributes to cross-industry work streams in external relevant working group
makes right choices from a breadth of tools, data sources and analytical techniques to answer a wide range of critical business questions
ensures exemplary communication with all stakeholders including senior business leaders
contribute to the development of novartis data science capabilities.

commitment to diversity & inclusion:
novartis is committed to building an outstanding, inclusive work environment and diverse teams representative of the patients and communities we serve.
minimum requirements
what you will bring to the role:
10+ years of relevant industry experience in data science. for r&d and medical affairs, at least 5 years in healthcare. in other cases, cross-industry experience is preferred.
experience in customer engagement projects related to data science applications
international experience working with global teams is preferred
strong computational background. strong scientific background is required in r&d and medical affairs, recommended in other cases.

why consider novartis?
799 million! that’s how many lives our products touched in 2019. and while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

 precipitevolissimevolmente
:
a women network that organizes activities all year long, such as the promotion of stem vocations among girls.
a young employee network (yen) which host fun events on a regular basis; such as “beer bust” fridays at different venues including the beach in the summertime.
flexible schedule to adapt to bachelor’s or master’s degree academic program. part time (4h/day) or full time (8h/day) for a 9 to 12 months agreement.
opportunity to learn on an international organization with colleagues coming from all over the world.
diverse internal growth and career opportunities.
sports center (indoor and outdoor); gym, squash courts, tennis courts, basketball courts and regular fitness classes such as yoga, pilates, etc (temporary closed due to covid-19)
we also dedicate time and resources to contribute with our community through corporate volunteering activities.
we have an onsite doctor and medical team for our employees, including services such as: nutrition, physiotherapy and general health.
when students are in the site, they enjoy discount in the canteen, one free snack per day and access to sports and free parking.
hp is the world’s leading personal systems and printing company. we create technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. our innovation springs from a team of passionate, talented, and curious individuals, each collaborating and contributing their own perspectives, knowledge, and experience to advance the way the world works and lives.
we are looking for someone to join the supply chain planning coe team to work on a digital transformation initiative that will enable advanced capabilities and increase hp's competitiveness while optimizing hp's supply chain.
responsibilities
work closely with the sc operations and procurement teams to understand requirements, map processes and workflows
assist with gathering of business requirements
perform analysis of data for system outputs. validate outputs against requirements
follow up with business sme's on testing and validation activities.
execute other project related activities on an ad hoc basis
knowledge & skills
demonstrated ability to deal well with ambiguity and work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment
excellent problem solver, with demonstrated practical experience
experience with data mining and interpretation
experience with data visualization and data presentation in a clear and effective manner
experience leading, collaborating with, and delivering results in team environment
familiarity with statistics and forecasting
education & experience
pursuing a bs in a business analytics field (i.e. industrial engineering, statistics, data science, etc)
availability to start in july

about hp

you’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.
so are we. we love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. we’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.

hp is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.

our history: hp’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just  precipitevolissimevolmente
a dynamic and international work environment that values curiosity and problem-solving, and provides ample opportunities to further develop skills in space and data science.
technical competencies
knowledge of relevant technical domains
relevant experience gained during internships/project work
breadth of exposure coming from past and/or current research/activities
knowledge of esa and its programmes/projects
behavioural competencies
result orientation
operational efficiency
fostering cooperation
relationship management
continuous improvement
forward thinking
education
you should have just completed, or be in your final year of a university course at master’s level in a technical or scientific discipline.
specific competence in one of the following disciplines shall be considered an asset:
space physics
strong scientific programming skills
additional requirements
you should have good interpersonal and communication skills and should be able to work in a multi-cultural environment, both independently and as part of a team.

we are looking for a motivated graduate trainee with a strong background in physics, data science, computer science, or a related discipline to join us in this endeavour. solid programming skills and interest in scientific data analysis are essential.

the working languages of the agency are english and french. a good knowledge of one of these is required. knowledge of another member state language would be an asset.

during the interview motivation and overall professional perspective/career goals will also be explored.
other information
for behavioural competencies expected from esa staff in general, please refer to the esa competency framework.

for further information on the young graduate programme please visit: young graduate programme and faq young graduate programme

at the agency we value diversity and we welcome people with disabilities. whenever possible, we seek to accommodate individuals with disabilities by providing the necessary support at the workplace. the human resources department can also provide assistance during the recruitment process. if you would like to discuss this further please contact us email contact.human.resources precipitevolissimevolmente
:
high flexibility: we’re strong believers that what matters most are results. each nextailer is empowered, through trust and ownership, to organize their time as they see fit without jeopardizing the time or work of their colleagues.
remote-first philosophy: nextail started as a remote company and continues to offer a nice mix of remote and/or office-based environments around the world.
international environment: we operate across the globe, with recent operations reaching from europe all the way to australia, and our team alone consists of professionals of more than 15 different nationalities. while many of us are multilingual, our working language is english.
diversity on all levels: united as a single team, we celebrate diversity at every dimension*. professionally speaking, are you ready to work alongside tech geniuses, data science magicians, and fashionistas? you’ll have teammates with extensive experience in a wide variety of professional fields, including technology, retail, consulting and entrepreneurship.
the laptop of your choice: we want you to work with the tools that are most comfortable for you!
flexible compensation plan: we offer a fixed + variable salary as well as company equity as we progress towards our series b fundraising round.

strong mathematical background: statistics, probability, operations research, simulations
understanding and modeling business problems by talking to customers and business experts with no math background.
mathematical modeling and solving business problems
building the metrics and kpis that will guide our progress
designing and making experiments to validate hypotheses.
analyzing, understanding, and cleaning the data, extracting insights.
communicating complex things in a simple way. talking the business language.
true interest and good skills in programming
good understanding of ds development processes and risks
you are passionate about data science and a reference to your mates
you are up to date with the methodologies and good practices for doing data science at scale
ability to deep dive and do research to find the state of art for applied math problems

experience:

2+ years of experience in a similar role, managing a data science team (4+ people) or multiple data science projects. preferably in the product company.
more than 5 years experience working as a data scientist designing and building solutions for business problems.
relevant experience building, delivering, and maintaining data science products from analysis to production both as an individual contributor and as a team leads.
experience with the methodologies, practices, tools, and frameworks a data science team needs to achieve a good performance and scale-up.
experience applying machine learning techniques to business problems.
experience with time series forecasting
object-oriented programming with python/java
programming with python
working with databases, sql
experience building data pipelines
knowledge of version control tools like git.

we value:

retail-specific business knowledge.
operations research knowledge and experience solving business problems through the use of optimization.
experience applying simulation techniques to solve business problems.
having played a similar role in a high-performing data science team, in a fast-paced technological environment.
having a ph.d. in a related field or experience in research.
 precipitevolissimevolmente
as a startup, things may evolve but we have some degree of certainty on the areas we would want you to lead. we are a bit structured-minded at foundernest (you’ll see that when you meet us ) so we have grouped them in the following main buckets:
drive our product development with respect to its use of machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data science techniques in general: we have built a big data asset with many sources, both structured and unstructured, that we want the get the most value of.
help build the foundations of data science at foundernest, a critical area at the core of the company that will grow as the company grows: as the first member of the team, you'll be instrumental in helping define our data strategies and eventually build, lead, and grow the data science team from scratch.
join a fantastic team at a magical time: we humbly say that 6 months at foundernest may be equivalent to 2 years at any other company in terms of your growth. this is thanks to the pace at which we operate, the state-of-the-art practices and processes that drive our company, and the unparalleled caliber of the people you will get to work with. you'll join at the perfect time to shape how we grow from here.
meaningfully shape our future product: as you understand our data context, you'll gain insights to help us better deliver our value — and work with the product team to inform what we do next.
elevate your skills as we tackle our most impactful challenges: we've achieved more than teams 15x our size in less time — and there's so much more to do and learn.
what you will bring
you have 4+ years of data science experience, ideally at a high-growth, mission-driven, tech startup, where data is at the core of its business.
you are at a point in your career where you are not afraid of starting the data science efforts at a rapidly-growing company such as foundernest.
you have grit, you don't mind rolling up your sleeves and tackling all tasks necessary to get the job done, you actually enjoy the process, and you love leading by example.
you view setbacks as learning opportunities in our path to accomplishing our company's goals.
you can put yourself in others’ shoes and see situations from perspectives other than your own.
you’re motivated by seeing others succeed and grow when you partner with them.
you’re highly adaptable, easily acclimating to a rapidly changing business and industry.
you have a strong intrinsic motivation to be a top performer and contribute to a team.
you love getting to know new people and helping them solve their business problems.
you have strong oral and written communication skills in english. spanish is a plus.
you are highly structured, process-oriented, analytical, creative, and love to work under pressure when necessary.
you are able to influence multiple stakeholders without direct authority while being open to giving and receiving critical feedback.
you have natural leadership skills. people love working with you.
you have a talent for navigating different stakeholder priorities and competing ideas to create win-win solutions.
you have an incessant thirst to continuously experiment and learn in an extremely fast-paced environment.
bonus points
you hold a bachelor's degree or equivalent.
you've been a first or early hire at a fast-growing startup before.
you've built the data science function at another company.
️we are committed to you
personal & professional growth
you will be a key part of a lean team that will support your growth, within a safe environment. you will be supported to experiment and grow into the center of foundernest’s data science efforts.
you will have resources to grow the data science team and foster the best culture anyone has ever seen.
you will have direct exposure to silicon valley, which includes the best vcs (some of them are our own investors) and startups in the world.
working environment
we pride ourselves on having built an open, humble, diverse, supportive, and truly unique culture. our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. we hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because it's the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. if you share our values (they are codified in our framework called caliber ****: customer excellence, agility, learning, innovation, balance, ethics, respect) and our passion for technology, you will find a home at foundernest.
you will be part of a team committed to disrupting an industry while having fun in the process!
we have built a thriving environment based on cooperation and constructive feedback ️, with smart, ambitious, and hard-working individuals who dream about making an impact in the world.
you will have a flexible schedule and unlimited vacation ‍ ️ since we want you to have the freedom to organize your time towards achieving our ambitious goals.
we are a remote-friendly company and for this role in specific, we are open to full-remote candidates too. of course, when things will hopefully go back to normalcy, we would rather you spend time with us at any of our offices (california and madrid), so that you can get the full foundernest experience.
free vacation policy ✈️, as long as you coordinate with your team and you meet our goals.
90/10 policy: each team member can devote 10% of their time (usually a friday every other week) to innovate and grow professionally .
 precipitevolissimevolmente
a talented and creative data scientist interested in pushing the boundaries of online games analytics, with a proven ability to apply your skills, be it technical, behavioural or economic, practically in order to generate business value.

your role within our kingdom
if you want to improve the experience of king’s 300 million+ players across our network of games, and help us to further understand, model, predict, segment, monetise and retain those customers, then this may be the right opportunity for you. you will be part of the community of 80+ business intelligence & analytics experts at king, while working on a daily basis in smaller teams of 6- 8 people, including other data scientists, focused on particular games, our network or specific business areas.

you will:
identify potential business opportunities within your area and scope/design approaches to capture those opportunities
translate business needs to technical requirements and ab- tests, and work with development teams to ensure correct implementation, specifically including correctly tracking the right information to allow easy, precise analysis of the impact
develop an analysis strategy and perform analysis of complex scenarios and ab- tests, both systematically and on a one- off basis.
carefully check, debug, and problem solve issues to ensure you deliver accurate and clear analysis and reports, quickly, even when confronted by subtle data complications
provide an analytics perspective to discussions and prioritisation within your team, so that the overall team selects the right ideas to work on
be the pro- active owner of the entire data chain for your game(s)


skills to create thrills
you have a passion for quantitative analysis and the ability to draw business insights that will add real value to king. you will need to demonstrate the ability to learn quickly and work in a fast paced and collaborative environment whilst communicating effectively with teams and individuals across king - such as game developers, business performance managers and marketeers.
while we certainly don’t expect you to have all of these skills from day one, we do expect you to learn and develop in each of the following five areas:
business insight: the ability to deeply understand the problems and issues our games and business wants to solve and therefore define for yourself the right data or analysis or interpretation to lead to the right recommendations and decisions
sql: the ability to write complex sql queries to analyse our databases with 300+ million players, and work effectively with both hive and relational database systems.
analytical coding: using tools such as r, python (and also excel) for analytical purposes
stats: understanding the appropriate statistical or machine learning techniques to use in different circumstances.
communication: designing good ways of communicating, visualising or reporting your results/analysis so they are clear and unambiguous
there is plenty of scope at king for you to learn from your colleagues in those areas where you have less experience, and to share your own skills where you are stronger.

specific experience that might be helpful, but is not required, include: experience in the games industry or similarly sophisticated customer- facing digital businesses; experience in “big data” systems such as hadoop, hive; experience in behavioural psychology/economics; robust understanding of more advanced statistical techniques suitable for analysis of highly skewed populations; experience in predictive analytics, segmentation, and related areas; experience in experimental design; software engineering skills in java and other languages (beyond r, python which we use most frequently); skills with standard reporting tools such as qlikview/tableau/etc.

personal attributes
smart – intellectual dexterity
high integrity
low ego
pragmatic problem- solver - someone who looks for solutions rather than worrying about problems
about king
king is the game developer behind the world- famous candy crush franchise, as well as mobile game hits including farm heroes, bubble witch and pet rescue. candy crush is the top- grossing franchise in us app stores, a position it has held for the last two years, and king’s games are being played by 245 million monthly active users as of q3 2021. king, which is part of the activision blizzard group since its acquisition in 2016, employs nearly 2,000 people in game studios in stockholm, malmö, london, barcelona and berlin, and offices in san francisco, new york, and malta.
a great saga needs all sorts of heroes
making games is fun. especially when you do it with people who share the same idea of what makes a good workplace great. we design games for everyone, no matter where they are or who they are, and we employ all sorts of people from all kinds of backgrounds to bring them to life. truth is, we simply cannot expect diversity in our players and originality in our games without first nurturing it in our people. a great saga needs all sorts of heroes.
making the world playful
making the world playful is what inspires us to create new experiences and raise the bar. it’s what makes king a place where we can all dream bigger, continue to add innovation to our games, broadening the portfolio and exploring new territories in mid- core and casual. we take the art and science of gaming to the next level through our curiosity for the unexplored, passion for games, respect for each other and love for our players - and we’re not afraid to have fun along the way. in fact, together with our parent company activision blizzard and experts around the world,  precipitevolissimevolmente
include but are not limited to:
supports drafting and review of clinical scientific documents such as ind, ind amendments, investigator brochures, annual reports and other health authority submissions.
assists in the implementation of protocols and interactions with vendors and cros, working closely within cross functional team. participates in the development of producing materials for investigator meetings (e.g., slides, booklets, and presentation materials). assists in triaging and addressing questions regarding scientific and protocol procedures from other study team members and investigative sites.
support review of clinical data to identify and evaluate study data trends, outliers, protocol violators, etc and write any vital queries to be communicated to sites to ensure data accuracy and completeness of the study.
participate in safety review meetings regarding potential safety events within a given clinical study or across the assigned clinical program. ensure updates to safety information is shared with cross functional study team. help review safety narratives.
supports preparation of abstracts, manuscripts, publications and poster presentations of clinical study findings and results throughout the life cycle of the assigned study or product, as applicable. supports medical affairs activities, payer and reimbursement activities.
assists with drafting assigned sections of clinical reports, dossiers and other documents.
support data management in the build of the crf and all associated instructions and plans (e.g. crf completion instructions and data review plan).
serves as medical/clinical science representative on study team and collaborates cross-functionally on applicable deliverables during study life cycle (e.g the protocol, crf, data listings, tlf, csr etc.)
analyze and summarize clinical results.
essential for the role
bachelor’s degree with focus on life sciences or equivalent
industry or academic experience in drug development required
detailed knowledge of good clinical practice (gcp) and other regulations governing clinical research.
general knowledge of 1) medical monitoring 2) regulatory approval process in relevant countries; 3) pharmaceutical industry/r&d operations; 4) marketing and commercial fundamentals.
ability to grow and maintain a high level of expertise in oncology therapeutic area.
basic understanding of drug development from molecule to market and demonstrates knowledge of scientific methodology in the design, conduct and description of clinical research, at a study level.
ability to understand, and contribute to the drafting of documents used throughout the clinical study lifecycle, such as site initiation materials, registration documents, protocols, and presentations
outstanding attention to detail and outstanding written communication skills.
desirable for the role
pharmd, ph.d. degree in life sciences, or md preferred.
strong preference for benign sheath tumors/neuro-oncology/pediatric oncology experience
why astrazeneca?
here you’ll have the opportunity to make a meaningful difference to patients’ lives. with science at its heart, this is the place where breakthroughs born in the lab become transformative medicines – for the world’s most complex diseases. answer unmet medical needs by pioneering the next wave of science, focusing on outcomes and shaping the patient ecosystem.
so, what’s next
are you already imagining yourself joining our team? good, because we can’t wait to hear from you!
where can i  precipitevolissimevolmente
champion havas unique approach by emphasizing data in marketing experiences
identify and provide solutions to data-based challenges (both client and internal) using mathematics, statistics and engineering
- understand and identify client needs- be accountable for a greater leverage of data and analytics to drive client value
ensure best in class data science programs
manage data ingestion, data transformation, exploratory data analysis, model selection, model evaluation and data storytelling
use data of havas media id based addressable audience platform (converged) and may participate in the selection of local data providers
build and run statistical models, by developing algorithm and machine learning when required
select features, build and optimize classifiers using machine learning techniques
extend company’s data with third party sources of information when needed
process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis
communicate both internally and with clients results/possibilities/difficulties
create automated anomaly detection system and constantly track their performance
collaborate with cross-functional teams across disciplines such as product, engineering, media development.
previous experience & industry background
5+ years professional experience in statistics or data engineering in media/marketing related positions
media, brand, consulting, data, adtech, martech, digital analytics
qualifications & languages:
bachelor’s or master’s degree in economics, statistics, data engineering, mathematics
languages: english (desired)
skills :
contract type :
permanent
here at havas across the group we pride ourselves on being committed to offering equal opportunities to all potential employees and have zero tolerance for discrimination. we are an  precipitevolissimevolmente
a passionate intern - business analyst to provide solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence and maximize their opportunities
join us on our exciting journey!
role description
as an intern - business analyst within the consulting area, you will work in projects of typically 3 – 6 team members, playing an active role in all aspects of the client engagement. particularly:
contributing to internal brainstorming sessions to develop project methodology and recommendations
conducting independent desk research to a specific brief using internal and external information sources
performing quantitative and qualitative analyses to aid development of recommendations
contributing to the preparation, execution and follow up of client presentations
acquiring deep knowledge of iqvia data sources, aiming to act as expert adviser to other members of the consulting team
proactively developing knowledge of the healthcare industry and consulting methodologies
role qualifications
when hiring an intern - business analyst we expect the following skills and requirements:
bachelor’s degree with an outstanding record of academic achievement
exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and effectively with people at all levels in an organization
well-developed written and verbal communication skills including presentations, meeting and workshop facilitation, business and report writing (both in english and spanish)
strong capability in juggling priorities to meet deadlines while retaining consistently high-quality outcomes
knowledge of consulting methodologies, tools and techniques are desirable
adaptability and ability to learn quickly and apply new knowledge
at iqvia,  precipitevolissimevolmente
a highly motivated annotation projects lead, with a high sensibility for foreign languages and cultures, to help us drive the quality of our siri deliverables.
key qualifications
native speaker fluency and cultural awareness of hebrew
knowledge of text processing, scripting (e.g python)and automation
highly organized with attention to detail and a commitment to quality.
awareness of ml, nlp, tts, or speech recognition technologies
outstanding communication skills.
project management skills, with cross-functional experience and ability to understand and prioritize tasks and issues.
technical engineering, data science or machine learning background.
description
the global siri team brings innovative solutions to complex engineering challenges, with focus on improving the end to end engineering and quality of siri's experiences for our international users. from speech recognition to natural language processing, machine learning, big data consumption, all the way to speech synthesis. be ready to develop robust scalable systems for siri's international languages, in partnership with a wide range of colleagues. as a data curation lead in global siri, you will drive and supervise several of the data curation efforts that fuel the pieces in siri’s technology pipeline. this will include defining data curation specifications for your language, reviewing and ensuring data quality, reporting accuracy metrics, and documenting conventions and processes. you will also lead failure analysis exercises aimed at improving the quality of the end-to-end experience for siri users in your market. this will include delivering hands-on data analysis tasks across the product’s stack, and triaging technical issues. we are looking for demonstrated ability to be creative, take ownership of a project, and a knack for solving problems that stump most accuracy improvement projects. if you have a desire to work collaboratively in cross-functional teams with design, product, data science, and research partners we'd love to hear from you!
education & experience
b.a. or b.s. degree preferred, or experience in related fields
additional requirements
apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. apple  precipitevolissimevolmente
people management or team leading experience
track record of leading sophisticated engineering projects
understand the full software development lifecycle
extensive planning, prioritisation, and organisation skills
ability to build relationships and partnerships
strong communication, both written and verbal
outstanding problem solving, critical thinking, attention to detail and dedication to quality.
description
the global siri team brings innovative solutions to complex engineering challenges, with focus on improving the end to end engineering and quality of siri's experiences across the stack for our international users. from speech recognition to natural language processing, machine learning, big data consumption all the way to speech synthesis. be ready to architect and develop robust scalable systems for siri international languages in partnership with a wide range of colleagues. as an engineering manager you'll lead a team of language engineers working closely with the siri understanding, experience, tools, platform and other international teams to implement quality products that meet the business goals. this will include responsibility for analyzing data and making data driven decisions to improve the global siri experience; also responsible for data annotation efforts and defining language specific representations, conventions and techniques. be prepared to build ambitious engineering plans to achieve international excellence for siri customers around the world and provide regular updates to groups including vp-level management. as part of this role you will have the opportunity to learn or develop your skills in machine learning, text processing and nlp techniques. if you have a desire to work collaboratively in cross-functional teams with design, product, data science, and research partners we'd love to hear from you!
education & experience
b.s or m.s. in computer science, information science, or equivalent experience.
additional requirements
apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. apple  precipitevolissimevolmente
in-depth expertise in machine learning and deep learning.
passion for one or more of the following fields: introspection, causality, generalization, representation learning, robustness, fairness.
strong publication record in relevant conferences (e.g., neurips, icml, iclr, cvpr, iccv, eccv, siggraph, kdd, acl, facct).
strong mathematical skills in linear algebra and statistics.
hands-on experience working with deep learning toolkits such as tensorflow, pytorch, or keras.
excellent presentation and writing skills.
ability to formulate a research problem, design, experiment and implement solutions.
ability to work in a collaborative environment.
description
this role requires the ability to identify gaps in the research field, define a research agenda, and implement innovative ml strategies for challenging problems that will affect future apple products. machine learning researchers provide technical mentorship and guidance, prepare technical reports and papers for publication and conference talks. they are able to work both independently and collaboratively to help partner teams meet predefined objectives. they are responsible for delivering ml technologies aligned with the core values of apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, scientific rigour, innovation, and respect for user privacy. as a member of the team, you will work on some of the most challenging technical problems, collaborate with world-class machine learning researchers and engineers, you will engage with the academic community by publishing your innovative research, and speaking at conferences and events. your research will impact future apple products, you will collaborate with the best teams to integrate your ideas into products that will be used by millions of users. based in barcelona, we work closely with teams across apple worldwide. this means occasional evening meetings with teams outside spain, and limited international travel may be required in the future. if this is you, we'd love to hear from you!
education & experience
phd or equivalent practical experience in machine learning, computer vision, natural language processing, robotics, computer science, data science, statistics, applied mathematics, or related areas.
additional requirements
apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. apple  precipitevolissimevolmente
/accountabilities
responsible for ensuring the risk-benefit of a clinical study, ensuring that all clinical studies operate to the highest ethical and safety standards and in compliance fda, emea, ich and gcp guidelines as well as sops regarding safety
work cross functionally within clinical product teams (cpt) to ensure the clinical strategy is translated into the development of the study concept document, study protocol and related documents (such as global icf, crf, tfl shells, etc).
develop relationships with appropriate consultants and key external experts (kee), study sites, and utilize these relationships to obtain feedback on protocol design, as well as study training, study execution, and interpretation of study results, and inform recruitment strategies
responsible for the relevance and accuracy of clinical science underpinning of clinical study based on detailed scientific review and consultation
accountable for the clinical and scientific leadership and integrity of protocols and/or components of clinical plans (including, but not limited to, the icf, crf, tfl shells, and safety reports).
supports or leads interactions with global medical affairs, marketing companies, commercial, and regulatory functions in collaboration with gcpl to ensure cross functional input into protocols.
contributes to technical review of protocols with governance bodies such as development review committee and protocol review committee.
support health authority interactions as needed.
contributes to the development of medical oversight plan (mop)
contributes to study level safety reviews
contributes to study-level medical monitoring activities
core member of the gst representing clinical development.
responsible for the clinical input into feasibility questionnaires and consulted on country and site selection
assures oversight of collected data, monitoring safety and efficacy within a study.
responsible for timely responses to investigational study sites for local icf changes, protocol & ec/irb questions/requests
proactively engage with msls to build strong partnerships with smms and kees to provide robust feasibility assessments and streamline study execution.
contribute to development and delivery of investigator and monitor training
contributes to the review and interpretation of clinical data and the development of content needed for governance committee interactions seeking go/no go decisions.
support the development of clinical components of regulatory submission documents for instances where marketing approval is warranted
contributes to development and delivery of the clinical study report
work cross functionally in the preparation of launch & branding materials and publications.
technical skills
drug development/clinical development planning: demonstrates the ability to undertake the planning, and timely organization of components of the clinical development plan and work with other functions to achieve successful study initiation and execution.
ability to drive/contribute to protocol design, writing and implementation to meet gcp, ich and all az quality standards.
demonstrates solid understanding of methodology in the design, conduct, review and interpretation, and presentation of clinical research.
can conduct literature reviews to inform protocols, and author background sections on the disease or current medical therapy.
to provide clinical input into options for the study design and development of the statistical analysis plan.
to effectively organizes content and rationales in assigned sections of clinical reports or regulatory/ec/irb documents (i.e. cta, briefing book, bla/nda)
ability to prepare and present clinical data and/or selected training sessions to internal/external groups.
ability to contribute to clinical reports and integrated summary reports.
emerging communication & presentation skills including the ability to clearly communicate scientific concepts/data to leadership committees (e.g, drc, prc) or external groups (e.g investigator meetings, idmcs, conferences presentations)
emerging leadership skills with the ability to influence others and drive consensus building
essential
desired skills
required m.d or md./ph.d. degree or equivalent. industry or academic experience in drug development required
previous clinical trial experience as medical monitor in industry setting (safety medical monitoring and reporting experience; protocol development experience; understanding of regulatory requirements related to clinical trials & basic statistical knowledge)
possesses detailed knowledge of good clinical practice (gcp) and of 1) medical monitoring 2) regulatory approval process in relevant countries; 3) pharmaceutical industry/r&d operations; 4) marketing and commercial fundamental .
subspecialty or board certification precipitevolissimevolmente
:
identifies tools to conduct assurance on privacy and data protection requirements.
contributes to measurement of compliance with hp data protection controls framework.
helps maintain and execute on administrative requirements for data transfers.
contributes to privacy office work on hp’s annual enterprise risk assessment process.
knowledge and skills:
demonstrated analytical thinking, analysis, and problem solving skills
strong verbal and written communication skills, including negotiation and presentation. ability to communicate abstract ideas clearly and contribute to project objectives.
strong relationship management skills.
ability to identify and draw on leading-edge analytical tools and techniques to develop creative approaches and new insights for implementing compliance.
strong interpersonal skills.
education and experience required:
recent university graduate.
completed degree in law, business management, international affairs, public policy, political science or equivalent
familiarity with basic concepts of privacy and data protection

about hp

you’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.
so are we. we love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. we’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.

hp is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.

our history: hp’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just  precipitevolissimevolmente
